Job Description

POSITION SUMMARY

Our client, a leader in targeted marketing, is seeking a highly qualified Product Manager for Data Science to drive the strategy, roadmap and monetization of the company. You will own products such as predictive algorithms and value-added data. You will dive deep into data and be the overall subject matter expert of the products. You will be working with a team of sales, product managers and engineers to build, test, launch, measure, and iterate on the customer experience that drives our clients' success. You will be responsible for all aspects of your portfolio, from strategy to features to customer experience to operational excellence to profitability.

Our client is a recognized leader in highly targeted digital media that drives, tracks, and measures sales lift and loyalty for leading CPG brands and retailers. Powered by the world's most extensive consumer database, they accurately target and effectively engage consumers with behavior-based messages via their omnichannel network. Their digital and in-store networks personalize each consumer's purchase path, delivering billions in consumer value each year.

Experience And Skills

・ 4+ years of product management experience.

・ 4+ years of experience developing, defining, managing, and executing new products in a fast-paced environment.

・ STEM graduate degree or equivalent practical experience.

・Language: Fluent in both English and Japanese.

・Proficient With The Following Environments

Languages such as python, scala and java.
Analytic tools such as SAS, R and Octave
Databases such as hadoop, mongo, relational
Petabyte class data
Libraries such as Tensorflow and scikit-learm
Bi tools such as Tableau and Microstrategy
HPC platforms

Additional Preferred Skills

・Development of mathematical algorithms such as those used to describe and predict everyday phenomena.

・Experience in building and managing a product strategy and a roadmap.

・Experience with customer-facing products.

・Proven success in delivering technology products/services in a high-growth environment.

・Proven track record of managing a successful product throughout its lifecycle.

・Data-driven decision making and quantitative analysis skills.

・Demonstrated experience as a strong leader who can prioritize well, communicate clearly in both written and verbal forms.

・Entrepreneurial spirit. Experience taking ownership and willingness to roll up your sleeves and do whatever is necessary to drive results.

・Work effectively with cross-functional teams in a matrix organization. Demonstrated ability to have fun and inspire the teams.

・Knowledgeable in advanced mathematics.

What You Will Be Doing

・Be responsible for defining the short to mid-term strategy for the product. Develop a product roadmap and build alignment across product teams, cross-functional partners (e.g., Technology, Global Operations, Sales, Solutions, Finance, Marketing), other associated business units in the US and EU, and leadership/executive team.

・Partner with Sales, Engineering, Product, Data Science and other stakeholders to oversee the creation, development, and iteration of our products.

・Implement best in class product development and management practices.

・Work directly with customers and partners and be proactive in identifying their needs and pain points from both business and technical perspectives.

・Simultaneously looking around corners for future client needs and issues.

・Drive the development of products that resolve customer pain points and improve their business. Rapidly iterate and evolve the products to meet customer needs while creating extensible and scalable solutions.

・Effectively integrate insights into overall experience strategy by translating quantitative and qualitative input into robust solutions with high athlete value and product-market fit.

Additional Responsibilities

・Work with your peers to evolve our product development process, emphasizing speed, quality, and results.

・Represent the company by visiting customers to solicit feedback on our products and services.

・Gain a deep understanding of customer experience, identify and fill product gaps, and generate new ideas that grow market share, improve customer experience, and drive growth.

・Translate product strategy into user stories, detailed requirements, and prototypes.

・Act as a product evangelist to build product/feature awareness and understanding.