Description

Key Objectives: Strategic Insights and Advanced Analytics (SI&AA) are key strategic capabilities that Medical Company will build to strengthen our competitiveness through data-driven decision-making enabled by market and competitive insights and advanced data analytics. The Manager for Data Science & Analytics will be responsible for crafting, developing, and fielding data solutions in Medical Company to drive transformation into a data savvy enterprise.

Responsibilities

Build projects and develop data solutions that deliver insights to help grow our businesses.
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
Develop data analytics strategy and work effectively in a cross functional team environment.
Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of commercial activities, marketing strategies, business processes and strategies.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.
Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality.
Liaise with stakeholders around the business to improve execution of current projects as well as negotiate novel analytic initiatives, serving unmet business needs and accelerating innovation.
Work with supporting technology teams to improve data mining processes of internal and external data sources.

Key Competencies

Relationships/Communication - Ability to manage successfully in a matrix organization, ability to drive cross-functional team engagement, and create and sustain internal relationships with franchises and functional teams.
Leadership - Has demonstrated the ability to lead cross functional teams and influence key stakeholders in delivering results.
Strategic Understating - Ability to understand market and business dynamics and develop/adapt strategies to drive growth through market expansion, penetration, and market share gains.
Drive for Results - Be a source of strategic insight and direction in the Business Unit and the Franchise. Ability to inspire the teams to fulfill customer requirements and fuel business growth.
Teamwork - Able to effectively partner across franchises and functions. Able to influence across the organization to drive business results.
Business Savvy - Broad knowledge and understanding of the technical, operational, commercial, and marketing elements of the business and the organization. Ability to make good judgments and quick decisions based on robust business understanding.

Qualifications

Educational Requirements:

M.S. in Computer Science with knowledge of Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Bioinformatics, Computational Informatics, Medical Informatics, Computational Biology or related disciplines.
PHD or BSc in a STEM subject with equivalent knowledge is a plus.

Required Experiences And Skills

Work Experience

5+ years of experience in a business-related data science and/or advance analytics role
Experience working with IT and technology platforms for data management and analytics.
Experience in leading cross functional project.

Required Skills And Capabilities

Strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations.
Working knowledge and experience of machine learning techniques, such as regression, decision trees, probability networks, association rules, clustering, neural networks and Bayesian models, as well as skills in text mining and data visualization.
Clear understanding of data analysis workflows and statistical methods such as hypothesis testing and probability modeling.
Expertise in one or more programming languages, such as R, Python or SAS.
Knowledge of relational database architecture and data management with expertise in SQL.
Experience in delivering on data science projects using predictive technologies, data mining and/or text mining in a business context.
Project management skills
Proven ability to drive business results with data-based insights.
Comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams
High-level of leadership with strong communication skills
Fluency in both English and Japanese

Preferred Qualifications

Knowledge of healthcare relevant data sets
Experience in business intelligence and company-wide reporting
Knowledge or experience working in the healthcare industry
Familiarity with one or more high-level programming languages, such as C++, C# or Java.
Change management skill
Basic knowledge of marketing

Computer Futures is part of the larger SThree K.K group

To find out more about Computer Futures, please visit www.computerfutures.com | Computer Futures についてもっと詳しく知りたい方はこちらへ→ www. computerfutures.com

Award Winner Of

Great Place to Work 2019 | Growth Company of the Year by TALint Recruitment Awards 2019 | Best IT & Technology Recruitment Company of the Year by Recruitment International Awards 2018