About Paidy, Inc.

Paidy is Japan's pioneer and leading BNPL service company. At Paidy we believe in creating simple, instant experiences to take the hassle out of shopping with a touch of magic.

Paidy offers instant, monthly-consolidated credit to consumers by removing hassles from payment and purchase experiences. Paidy uses proprietary models and machine learning to underwrite transactions in seconds and guarantee payments to merchants. Paidy increases revenue for merchants by reducing the number of incomplete transactions, increasing conversion rates, boosting average order values, and facilitating repeat purchases from consumers.

Paidy has reached an agreement to join PayPal, the global payments company. Paidy will continue to operate its existing business, maintain its brand and support a wide variety of consumer wallets and marketplaces by providing convenient and innovative services.

Paidy continues to innovate to make shopping easier and more fun both online and offline. For more information, please visit http://www.paidy.com.

About Position

Data science is a key part of strategic decision-making at Paidy in the areas of marketing, fraud prevention and credit risk management, and product development. The Data Science Foundations team is looking for a Data Science Engineer with a passion for building scalable, robust, and flexible data pipelines and analytical tools to join our team and make a visible contribution to the company. Your mission will be to understand the needs of our data scientists, and independently develop data pipelines and tools that enable them to build a deeper understanding of our customers and help Paidy grow.

The data engineering products you will build will power dashboards and data products viewed by Executives on a daily basis for strategic decision-making. You will work to build brand new data pipelines from a variety of external data sources like Hubspot, Appsflyer, Onesignal, and more that will serve as the basis for critical data products and some of the first predictive modeling efforts at Paidy. Your expertise and experience will shape not only the Data & Risk department but impact Paidy's strategy for years to come.

Key Role And Responsibilities
Identify the data needs of data scientists at Paidy, document their requirements, and develop robust, secure, and scalable data pipelines to enable and accelerate their analyses.
Own critical data pipelines, help ensure their continued operations, and extend them to meet the needs of the business.
Be on the lookout for potential improvements to our data marts and aggregations that improve their scalability, make them easier for data scientists to use, and reduce potentially dangerous duplication.
Help with maintenance and extension of our internal ETL frameworks built on Python and Scala.
Contribute to the development of documentation and educational materials on tools and data pipelines owned by Data Science Foundations. Provide 1-on-1 project support to data scientists and help them get the most of our tools and data.

Skills And Requirements
You enjoy problem-solving, learning new technologies, and helping others get their work done.
You are excited to work with data-scientists and business stakeholders to deliver real and visible business value. You like to take ownership of your projects and independently build something new and immediately usable.
You have worked as a data engineer handling millions of records per day.
You have experience in SQL and Spark that goes beyond the basics and have worked with Python and/or Scala.
You have experience with using a batch job tool such as Prefect or Airflow (we use Prefect)
You are comfortable working with existing code using git or another VCS in a team-setting.
You must be eligible to work in Japan and be able to conduct business in English to communicate with stakeholders and team members.

Nice to have:
Experience with AWS or cloud computing and cloud infrastructure in general. Experience with SageMaker, Glue, EMR, S3, RDS, Redshift are a big plus.
You know how to maintain and optimize a PostgreSQL database.
Experience as a data scientist, scientific researcher, or in a data analytics role.
Worked with Terraform or similar Infrastructure as Code technologies.
You are familiar with the concept of CI/CD (CircleCI, Jenkins, ...).
You have worked on a payment platform or other financial technology field.
You have worked with and understand the concept of NoSQL databases and message brokers. Experience with ElasticSearch, Kafka, Cassandra would be useful.

What We Offer You
Diversified team with 150+ colleagues from 30+ countries
Exciting work opportunities in a rapid-growing organization
Cross-functional collaboration
Flexible work-from-home arrangement
Competitive salary and benefits

Paidy Values

Be a winner / 勝ちにこだわる
Beat expectations / 常に期待値を超える
Display surprising speed / 人をスピードで驚かす
Embrace risk / リスクを恐れない

Own it and deliver / 結果を出す
Commit to what, when and how to deliver/ 目的・やり方・期限にコミットする。
Own the actions to deliver / 結果のためのアクションにこだわる
Embrace conflict when needed to deliver results / 必要なら対立・衝突も恐れない

Play an integral role / 大切なピースになる
Make an irreplaceable contribution to our business / 替えの効かない貢献をする
Embrace and bridge differences in language and culture / 皆が言語と文化の架け橋になる
Raise the bar / スタンダードを上げ続ける