職務内容/Job Description

Janssen Japan is recruiting for a Data Scientist in Commercial Insights Strategist & Operation Group.

We are looking for a data scientist with expertise in crafting, developing and fielding data solutions. You will be someone who stays at the cutting edge of data science and use your knowledge to drive Janssen Japan’s transformation into a data savvy enterprise.

You will be part of the team to build projects and develop solutions that deliver insights that help grow our business.

This role represents an exciting opportunity to help shape the direction of data science at Janssen Japan from the beginning and drive its development into a mature operation, adding real value to the business.

This role requires guidance in data analytics strategy and work effectively in a cross functional team environment and projects. You will be expected to liaise with stakeholders around the business to improve execution of current projects in SFE, multi-channel/digital analysis and sales forecasting as well as negotiate novel analytic initiatives, serving unmet business needs and accelerating innovation. You will also be working with supporting technology teams to improve data mining processes of internal and external data sources.

At Janssen we value diversity and celebrate the uniqueness of our employees, and you will have the opportunity to work with local as well as global teams to achieve Janssen’s goal of helping people live full and healthy lives.

The ideal candidate will have an open and global mindset, a passion for healthcare, a general understanding of data warehousing, system architecture as well as change management abilities and communication skills, in addition to in-depth knowledge of machine learning techniques and existing data mining algorithms.

This position will be based in our office in Tokyo, Japan.

Qualifications

学歴/Education

Ph.D. with at least 2-3 years of experience or M.S with at least 5-6 years of experience, in Computer Sciences, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics, Computational Informatics, Medical Informatics, Computational Biology or a related discipline. Alternatively, a BSc in a STEM subject with equivalent knowledge and 7+ years of experience in a business-related data science role will also be considered.

職務経験/Work Experience
3+ years of experience in a business-related data science and/or advance analytics role
2+ years of experience with Ph.D or 4-5 years of experience and /or M.S Computer Sciences, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics, Computational Informatics, Medical Informatics, Computational Biology or a related discipline.
PHD or BSc in a STEM subject with equivalent knowledge is a plus
Strong working knowledge of machine learning techniques, such as regression, decision trees, probability networks, association rules, clustering, neural networks and Bayesian models, as well as skills in text mining and data visualization.
Clear understanding of data analysis workflows and statistical methods such as hypothesis testing and probability modeling.
Expertise in one or more programming languages, such as Python, R or SAS.
Knowledge of relational database architecture and data management with expertise in SQL.
Experience in delivering on data science projects using predictive technologies, data mining and/or text mining in a business context.
Fluency in Japanese and English
Knowledge with healthcare relevant data sets
Experience in business intelligence and company-wide reporting
Knowledge or experience working in the pharmaceutical or healthcare industry
Familiarity with one or more high-level programming languages, such as C++, C# or Java.
Change management skill
Basic knowledge of marketing
Fluency in English

Business English TOEIC: 800 and above (if non-native)

=======================

Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies in Japan strongly recommends prospective employees to complete the COVID-19 vaccination before or as soon as after joining our company to prevent the spread of infection among our employees and people around them as well as our customers and the community we serve, and to ensure our responsibilities are sustainably fulfilled as a healthcare company (except for those who cannot vaccinated with underlying medical conditions and other circumstances).

Primary Location

Japan-Tokyo-To-Chiyoda-

Organization

Janssen Pharmaceutical K.K. (7195)

Job Function

R&D

Requisition ID

2206056398W