Job Description

Business Overview

Rakuten Group develops a wide range of services with the mission of empowering people and society through innovation. Among them, the Rakuten Group's core commerce company develops more than 30 services such as Rakuten Ichiba / Rakuten Travel / Logistics / Rakuma.

Department Overview

Mission of Commerce CDO Office is Responsible for creating data strategy around managing and utilizing data assets, hiring and growing data related talents, and contributing to the revenue growth of commerce company through the support of business units.

In addition, as an organization directly under the President of the Commerce Company, we are working with CDO of the Commerce Company, which is a Tech officer of the Commerce Company.

It is a very rewarding department that supports various services from the aspect of data utilization, including Rakuten Ichiba, one of Japan's leading EC sites.

Position

Why We Hire

We are planning to increase the number of members in order to strengthen the departmental system in order to further promote the utilization of data in the commerce company.

Position Details

Support for actual analysis of each business (e.g. forecasting and measuring marketing effectiveness)
Knowledge management of each business or department on analysis
Education of analysts in each business

By collaborating with data engineers and scientists within the Rakuten Group, you can learn a lot while receiving various stimuli regarding data.

Work Environment

It is a small organization with a few members, mainly young people in their 20s and 30s.

We are looking for leader candidates and members.

Planning and promotion of data utilization in the marketing department of operating companies, and data analyst of SIer

Mandatory Qualifications

At least 3 years of working experience
Experience with SQL and BI Tool (Any BI Tool is okay)
Experience in data analysis or working for a company or department involved in data analysis
Ability to solve problems, think strategically, think structurally, and design hypotheses (at the level of being able to organize issues of business and customer requirements)

Desired Qualifications

Experience with projects involving big data and AI (machine learning, deep learning)
Experience in implementing, managing and utilizing business intelligence and statistical/machine learning tools (e.g. SPSS, DataRobot)
E-commerce business experience
Good communication skills, leadership and team performance
A positive attitude with a willingness to absorb new things while being flexible and responsive to change
A strong sense of responsibility and the ability to take initiative and finish the job
A positive attitude to discover and solve problems

Others Information

Additional information on English Qualification

TOEIC Score exceeding 800 (or similar level of English ability)

or a University Degree earned in an English-speaking country

TOEIC Score of 600 or higher is acceptable for fixed-term employees.

In this case, it is necessary to achieve a TOEIC Score exceeding 800 after joining Rakuten in order to be eligible to become a regular employee.

If no evidence is available to prove the qualifications denoted above, taking an IP test, organized by Rakuten, during selection process is required.

#business #jobcategory01 #datascientist #jobsubcategory05 #commerce #organization01 #RakutenIchiba #servicename01 #RakutenTravel #servicename11

Languages

English (Overall - 3 - Advanced), Japanese (Overall - 4 - Fluent)