外資系ITサービス企業の日本法人におけるサイバーセキュリティ製品(ビッグデータ/セキュリティ) セールス 職です。

7年以上のサイバーセキュリティ分野(ビッグデータ/セキュリティ)の営業実務経験をお持ちの方を求めております。

Responsibilities: The Role as Cybersecurity Product Sales

You are responsible for actively selling our Cybersecurity Product and associated Service portfolio to new logos on the Japanese market, working both independently and in cooperation with the head of Sales and Security consultants, with the personal target of achieving annual sales of 300 Million Japanese Yens and developing a strong pipeline.

You will participate in developing strategic marketing plans to generate new leads, you will be in charge of hot / cold call campaigns, you will grow the network of partners and engage and manage key channels.

Building relationship, good listening skills, entrepreneurship and the capacity to identify customer needs are key in this role. The scope is very broad, and you will engage with clients in different industries such as Banking, Manufacturing, Public, Healthcare markets.

Our Cybersecurity Product division is selling Software and Hardware products to large and medium-size clients all over the world and is working within the company in a start-up model with an agile fast-growing revenue potential.

Our Cybersecurity products are deployed worldwide, with more than 5 million users of our Identity & Access Management (IAM) software product.

To aggressively increase market growth and leverage the momentum of our Cybersecurity Products, we are accelerating the investment and hiring first class Sales with the goal of doubling revenue in a short term run and generating 35% growth per year.

The Team:

Your will be a member of the Big Data & Security (BDS) organization, a young and dynamic division within the company. BDS offers an interesting products and service portfolio based on in house developed solutions and/or centrally delivered security services.

BDS is the fastest growing division showing double digit growth since its creation in 2015.

BDS includes 3 divisions: Big Data, Homeland Security and Cybersecurity.

■ 福利厚生

給与：経験とスキルを考慮

社会保険完備

■ 応募条件
10+ years of work experience in a Sales position in Cybersecurity with proven sales track
5+ years technical or pre-sales experience in IT, Computer or Engineering field
Holding a University degree in IT, Computer Science, Engineering, or Business
Native Japanese, with a good command of English
Extensive network with system integrators in Japan
Proven experience to build strong business relationship with new partners
Proven experience to rebuild strong business relationship with existing partners
Proactive in your approach towards potential new clients
Strong communication, presentation and negotiation skills
Demonstrate emotional intelligence to build and lead strong customer relationships
Ability to articulate our solutions into a value proposition and address customer needs
You love challenges, and are not afraid to keep learning new technologies
Team player as well as a self-starter

■ 語学力

英語のレベル： ビジネス会話

日本語のレベル： ネイティヴ