Job Description

This is an opportunity to be the first one at Omniscience in Japan ! Field Data Scientist in Japan at Omniscience will serve as the trusted technical advisors for our customers. Ability to work with Japanese customers in the Japanese language is a primary requirement for this job.

Field Data Scientist is dynamic and highly cross-functional. The person in this position is expected to play multiple roles.

The first role is to provide Post-Sales technical support for our customers in Japan. This role includes implementation and configuration of the Omniscience technologies on behalf of the customer. It also includes monitoring and first line support for these customers. A strong ability to administer and manage AWS setups will be key. This will be a lower priority compared to the primary external-facing work with the customers.

The second role is to contribute to Applied Data Science team of Omniscience. At Omniscience we work on some of the most complex and advanced AI and distributed computation technologies on behalf of our customers. These deliver business value to the customer through a variety of methods including web services, system integrations and mobile SDKs and apps. Market insight and feedback from customers from Data Scientist’s perspective are the key to maximizing business value to customers. As a member of Advanced Data Science team, Field Data Scientist must regularly work with the sales, product, engineering, support, and marketing teams to help build the best technology.

The third role is to provide Pre-Sales support in Japan. Jointly with VP for Japan, this person is expected to engage in various business development activities including clarifying technical advantages and value propositions of Omniscience, and demonstrating products to customers while building a clear understanding of their business problem. A Field Data Scientist must be capable of technical discussions with data scientists and engineers, and to then deliver the value of Omniscience in business discussions with different customer representatives including company executives, IT and business users. The goal is to enable our customers to become successful and enthusiastic Omniscience champions. This Data Scientist will also be collaborate with 3rd party channel partners that closely work with the customer and Omniscience.

Requirement

Japanese language skill at business level or higher in order to work well with our Japanese customers
Solid client and or partner facing experience in Customer Support role
Knowledge of Data Science and interest in adopting it for real world applications
Knowledge and experience with Amazon Web Services platform (AWS)
Familiarity with SDK & API usage
Deep understanding of machine learning

Ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is core to our values. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and a pleasant and supportive place to work.

Omniscience ( www.omniscience.com ) helps financial services and insurance companies with underwriting automation, capital management, and customer profiling. We are enterprise grade, production scale, and the Fortune 500 pay us well to solve their billion dollar problems.

Omniscience is the first company to handle and decipher complex, hyperdimensional data sets without any approximations. This enables customers to make accurate business decisions, and find new, well-timed opportunities. The Omniscale computing model combines mathematical transformations, advanced AI and unique distributed computing to help insurance and financial services companies grow market share, save on costs, boost return on equity, and increase regulatory compliance. Over time many additional markets will also be able to use Omniscience to decipher the chaos in their environments. Based in Palo Alto, CA, investors in Omniscience include Reinsurance Group of America, TD Bank, Translink Capital and others.

Come do the best work of your life here at Omniscience!

As an equal opportunity employer, Omniscience does not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.

We do not accept resumes from head-hunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us.