28376BR

Role Responsibilities

Financial Data Analysts have a significant input to the ratings and research process by analyzing financial statements and data provided by Issuers.

The FDA uses accounting and finance knowledge and judgment to perform financial statement analysis, adjust reported data per relevant methodology requirements and review and analyze ratios
Responsible for reviewing and understanding financial statements, official statements and other documents related to issuers’ performance
Work directly with ratings and support analysts to explain the data, adjustments and other information needed by the rating team for ratings and research
Frequently liaise with analysts and accounting specialists in order to understand the application of accounting concepts on a particular entity
Create documentation and provide guidance to support analysts and outsourcers
Review, adjust and publish data to external market participants
Regularly interact with Moody's ratings analysts regarding financial and operational data needed for analysis and publications
In addition to regular daily responsibilities, FDAs will have the opportunity to work on new projects such as technology projects, accounting changes, analytic reviews, methodology updates and implementation of process improvements
The team is regularly provided with valuable training classes and interaction with Analysts as part of knowledge transfer and career growth
The FDA position provides a unique opportunity to foster skills that are valuable to any future career in the financial services industry.

Qualifications

Qualifications:

B.A. or B.S. degree required; specializations in Accounting, Finance, or Economics preferred
1-2 years of relevant work experience required (can include internship experience)
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office products and particularly Excel, such as pivot tables, lookups, etc.
Knowledge or prior experience in analyzing financial statements is required
Knowledge or prior experience in accounting is a plus
Individual must be organized, dependable, able to multi-task and manage priorities, display initiative, and have the ability to work independently in a demanding, fast-paced environment
Strong organizational, communication (verbal & written), and interpersonal skills are required
Candidate must have the ability to quickly transition as priorities change to meet demands
Fluency in reading and spoken English and Japanese to review English and Japanese financial statements. Fluency in Korean or Chinese a plus.

Analytic Data Management

Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.

Working at Moody's

Moody's (NYSE: MCO) is a global integrated risk assessment firm that empowers organizations to make better decisions. Our data, analytical solutions and insights help decision-makers identify opportunities and manage the risks of doing business with others. We believe that greater transparency, more informed decisions, and fair access to information open the door to shared progress. Moody's combines international presence with local expertise and over a century of experience in financial markets. Learn more at moodys.com.

At Moody’s, we’re taking action. We’re hiring diverse talent and providing underrepresented groups with equitable opportunities in their careers. We’re educating, empowering and elevating our people, and creating a workplace where each person can be their true selves, reach their full potential and thrive on every level. Learn more about our DE&I initiatives, employee development programs and view our annual DE&I Report at moodys.com/diversity

Moody’s Investors Service is among the world’s most respected and widely utilized sources for credit ratings and research. Our opinions and analysis on a broad range of credit obligors and obligations are valued around the world for their insight and rigor.

At MIS, our workplace culture supports our mission to be the Agency of Choice for our customers, employees and future employees. Our Culture focuses on Excellence and embodies behavioral qualities such as Integrity, Responsiveness, Collaboration, Respect and Passion. Our people are our core asset and we look beyond outcomes to ensure that behaviors and interactions matter.