Job Description

Business Overview

Rakuten group has a base of almost 100 million customers in Japan and 1 billion globally, providing more than 70 services such as ecommerce, payment services, financial services, telecommunication, media, sports, etc. Following the strategic vision “Rakuten as a data-driven membership company”, we are expanding our data activities across our multiple Rakuten group companies.

Department Overview

The Data Science Consulting Dept. is part of the Rakuten Technology division and act as the bridge between the business units and our data and AI professionals. Using a consulting approach, we empower Rakuten businesses with data science and AI driven solutions. As part of the Data Science Consulting Dept., we are leveraging our Rakuten Ecosystem unique wealth of data to support Rakuten Mobile, one of the most strategic business in Rakuten. We are the go-to team when executives need to make data-driven decisions, primarily for Rakuten mobile, but also for many other Rakuten Group companies as well.

Why We Hire

As the Rakuten Mobile business is growing exponentially, so is our team! We are looking for data professionals with diverse backgrounds (not only telecom) to expand our team and increase the value we are providing to the business.

Position Details

We are looking for the Global Data Specialist (MNO) who will work on initiatives like ad-hoc analytics (requested by the business unit or self-started), data analytics platform development, data ingestion and data expertise development, etc. As part of a multicultural and globally distributed team, you will collaborate with data scientists, data engineers and business leaders to empower the business unit with data-driven actionable insights, and be directly part of the Rakuten Mobile growth in Japan and globally.

Mandatory Qualifications

5 years of data analytics experience in a B2C environment providing insights to key stakeholders
2+ years of experience dealing with large data warehouses.
3+ years using SQL and Python and/or R for data extraction and analysis
Ability to understand the complex relational structure of a data warehouse
Business level Japanese for communication with the business unit
Business level English (TOEIC 800+)

Desired Qualifications

Experience of project management involving multiple teams
Fundamental knowledge of DWH platform (Hadoop, ETL, etc.)
Fundamental knowledge of cloud platform (barer metal server, Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
Fundamental knowledge of statistics, Machine Learning / Deep Learning / Artificial Intelligence

#engineer #jobcategory02 #datascientist #researcher #jobsubcategory12 #technologyservicediv #organization11 #RakutenMobile #servicename48 #Python #programminglanguage06

Languages

English (Overall - 3 - Advanced), Japanese (Overall - 3 - Advanced)