This Is What You Will Do

Senior Manager, Digital Analytics & Business Intelligence will be responsible for establishing the environment for data management and analysis . This person is expected to be responsible for management and proficiency of data stored in an organization as a data steward. Also, he / she is expected to generate analytical insights from various data sources to support stakeholders to develop strategies at brand / business unit level.

He / she is expected to provide analysis and recommendation for business teams in collaboration with internal stakeholders and 3 rd party vendors. Furthermore, He / she is expected to contribute to how to improve the quality of analysis and operational efficiency by sharing own best practices.

You Will Be Responsible For

Design and organize database in collaboration with APJ IT and global IT team as a data steward in Japan.
Identify unmet needs of data to improve the capability in business analysis from various sources.
Conduct and provide business analysis at brand / business unit level to generate insights, recommendations in collaboration with other members and teams.
Proactively communicate and collaborate with key stakeholders to grasp the needs in their business and take necessary actions to make changes in the company.
Design and develop dashboards to visualize each KPIs for commercial teams.
Manage the data and deliver insights appropriately by utilizing effective ways such as BI tool.
Provide professional supports to teams in marketing and sales and senior management.
Educate internal customers to raise their data literacy.

You Will Need To Have

A bachelor's degree in statistics, data science, business.
Exceptional business aptitude, strategic thinking and creative abilities.
Familiarity with data collection, handling database, software and protocol.
Experience integrating new software and programs to data services.
Advanced analysis, strategic knowledge, skills, and experience. (Microsoft Excel, Access, R, BI tool or strategic program)
Capable of prioritizing multiple projects while still achieving deadlines.
Strong written and verbal communication skills in both Japanese and English.
Excellent team member.

Computer Futures is part of the larger SThree K.K group

To find out more about Computer Futures, please visit www.computerfutures.com | Computer Futures についてもっと詳しく知りたい方はこちらへ→ www. computerfutures.com

Award Winner Of

Great Place to Work 2019 | Growth Company of the Year by TALint Recruitment Awards 2019 | Best IT & Technology Recruitment Company of the Year by Recruitment International Awards 2018