Lead the planning, design and execution of data projects,
Manage a team (3-5 members) consisting of data scientists, analysts, and potentially engineers, providing mentorship and guidance as appropriate.
Work closely with internal consultants and business stakeholders to ideate, evaluate and execute projects, ensuring work is aligned with organizational goals.
Design and execute experiments and otherwise design and implement appropriate evaluation approaches.
Prioritize tasks for yourself and your team members.
Take a hands-on role in analytics and coding work as appropriate.
Investigate and experiment with new models and techniques

【求められる経験・スキル / Required Experience And Skills】

At 1 year of experience in managing a data team (3+ members)
3+ years of overall DS/ML/AI work experience.
Experience designing and implementing (or leading the implementation of) data science solutions for real business problems.
Solid understanding of foundational concepts in statistics and ML: probability, regression, random forest, etc.
Interest in continued learning (new problem domains, algorithms, tools, etc).
Fluency in Python (pandas, scikit-learn or equivalent tools) for data analysis and model building.
Experience working with big data, e.g. via Hadoop, Spark, AWS, GCP, etc.
High familiarity with using SQL for data analysis purposes.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and work effectively with people at all levels in an organization.
Ability to distill complex data and findings into clear, presentable reports.
Ability to effectively communicate with non-technical as well as technical audiences.

【学歴】

大学卒業以上

【職種 / type of occupation】

データサイエンティスト

【給与 / salary】

年収 1,200 〜 1,600万円

【賞与】

【雇用形態 / employment status】

正社員

【就業時間 / working hours】

09:00～18:00

【休日休暇 / holiday】

日曜日,土曜日,祝日

【保険 / social insurance】

健康保険,厚生年金保険,介護保険,雇用保険,労災保険

【待遇・福利厚生】

休憩室,更衣室,食堂

受動喫煙防止措置

敷地内禁煙

【特長 / features】

上場企業, 海外勤務あり, 女性活躍中, 服装自由, 土日祝休み, 完全週休2日制, 年間休日120日以上, 月平均残業時間20時間以内, フレックスタイム制, 語学力を活かす, グローバル人材歓迎

【業種 / industry】

ソフトウェア・情報処理

Job ID: VAC-237725/

Seniority Level: Mid-Senior level