About Paidy Inc.

Paidy is Japan's pioneer and leading BNPL service company. At Paidy we believe in creating simple, instant experiences to take the hassle out of shopping with a touch of magic.

Paidy offers instant, monthly-consolidated credit to consumers by removing hassles from payment and purchase experiences. Paidy uses proprietary models and machine learning to underwrite transactions in seconds and guarantee payments to merchants. Paidy increases revenue for merchants by reducing the number of incomplete transactions, increasing conversion rates, boosting average order values, and facilitating repeat purchases from consumers.

Paidy has reached an agreement to join PayPal, the global payments company. Paidy will continue to operate its existing business, maintain its brand and support a wide variety of consumer wallets and marketplaces by providing convenient and innovative services.

Paidy continues to innovate to make shopping easier and more fun both online and offline. For more information, please visit http://www.paidy.com.

About Position

Paidy's Risk & Analytics team is currently looking for a Senior Data Analyst to play a key role in defining how we collect on past due debts. You will work alongside Paidy's existing credit policy team and lead ongoing efforts to enhance collections strategy as Paidy's product offering and customer base continues to evolve.

Key Role and Responsibilities
Analyse the performance of and recommend changes to collection policies and strategies that will result in reducing delinquency roll rates and losses
Incorporate bureau and other external data to further enhance the credit strategy
Work with Collections operations team and other key stakeholders to implement collections strategies, including process improvements and technology enhancements
Develop effective MI reporting for and communicate the impact of collections strategies, and initiatives
Identify areas to reduce cost of collections without negatively impacting collections performance
Ensure appropriate systems and infrastructure are in place to track, evaluate and support collections strategies and tests
Research industry best practices; make recommendations accordingly
Establish collaborative relationship with cross-functional team to move collections strategies forward

Skills And Requirements
Bachelor's degree or higher, preferably in a quantitative field, or equivalent experience
More than 3 years work experience in a related role (data science, data analysis, business intelligence)
Proven experience extracting insights about user behavior and applying findings to drive changes in the business
Ability to translate complex technical findings into actionable business insights for non-technical audiences
Past experience with credit risk or debt collections a strong plus
Fluent in Japanese
Business proficiency in English
Experience working with common data science query and general languages (e.g. SQL + Python/R)
Paidy team will ask about your user experiences with Paidy Apps during the interview. Please download Paidy App and try it out!
iOS: https://apps.apple.com/jp/app/paidy/id1220373112
Android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.paidy.paidy&hl=en&gl=US

For those who are not able to download Paidy App, due to the regional restrictions, please be advised that you download the similar App, such as Klarna, Afterpay, Affirm and so forth, and come up with your opinions on these applications and services.
Please note that you must be eligible to work in Japan.

What We Offer
Diversified team with 150+ colleagues from 30+ countries
Exciting work opportunities in a rapid-growing organization
Cross-functional collaboration
Flexible work-from-home arrangement
Competitive salary and benefits

Paidy Values:

Be a winner / 勝ちにこだわる
Beat expectations / 常に期待値を超える
Display surprising speed / 人をスピードで驚かす
Embrace risk / リスクを恐れない

Own it and deliver / 結果を出す
Commit to what, when and how to deliver/ 目的・やり方・期限にコミットする。
Own the actions to deliver / 結果のためのアクションにこだわる
Embrace conflict when needed to deliver results / 必要なら対立・衝突も恐れない

Play an integral role / 大切なピースになる
Make an irreplaceable contribution to our business / 替えの効かない貢献をする
Embrace and bridge differences in language and culture / 皆が言語と文化の架け橋になる
Raise the bar / スタンダードを上げ続ける