Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, Trilogy. Have you got what it takes?

We do not believe in hiring consultants. Imagine taking your car to the repair shop for a fix, and they only have a consulting mechanic who recommends that you replace your carburetor. Who is going to do that? When we have problems with our business, we value people who can fix them and not just make pitch decks and general recommendations.

Trilogy has an ever-growing portfolio of 80+ software products spanning multiple industries and geographies. We have different business units that own these products, and Trilogy hosts business-critical functions such as finance, customer support, and hiring for all these business units. In this role, you will work with the senior stakeholders across the business units and functions to help solve the problems they face. For instance, you may work with the SVP of Finance to hire qualified accountants in one week and work with the CIO to evaluate M&A targets using a scalable model the following week.

We are looking for exceptional problem solvers and brilliant thinkers to join our team. Unlike other companies, we do not judge you by arbitrary stamps, such as whether you graduated from X university or worked in a 'top' consulting firm. We want problem solvers who enjoy taking on the challenge of solving complex problems, dive deep to find the root causes of these issues, and propose and implement fixes that solve them.

If you are interested in solving complex problems while gaining unparalleled experience working across business functions and units, apply today!

What You Will Be Doing

Conduct research and analysis to find creative solutions for issues with real business impact.
Execute assignments aiming to improve the efficiency of different functions, such as Operations, Hiring, M&A, and more.

What You Won’t Be Doing

Provide high-level insights and recommendations - we want implementers, not consultants.
Develop theoretical scenarios and try to sell potential insights to management - you will work on real business problems with real solutions.

Data Analyst Key Responsibilities

Solve the most complex issues facing the organization.

Basic Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Economics, Finance, Mathematics, Engineering).
5+ years of work experience.
Interest in solving real-world problems across a broad range of functions.

About Trilogy

Hundreds of software businesses run on the Trilogy Business Platform. For three decades, Trilogy has been known for 3 things: Relentlessly seeking top talent, Innovating new technology, and incubating new businesses. Our technological innovation is spearheaded by a passion for simple customer-facing designs. Our incubation of new businesses ranges from entirely new moon-shot ideas to rearchitecting existing projects for today's modern cloud-based stack. Trilogy is a place where you can be surrounded with great people, be proud of doing great work, and grow your career by leaps and bounds.

There is so much to cover for this exciting role, and space here is limited. Hit the Apply button if you found this interesting and want to learn more. We look forward to meeting you!

Working with Crossover

This is a full-time (40 hours per week), long-term position. The position is immediately available and requires entering into an independent contractor agreement with Crossover. The compensation level for this role is $50 USD/hour, which equates to $100,000 USD/year assuming 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year. The payment period is weekly. Consult www.crossover.com/help-and-faqs for more details on this topic.

What to expect next:

You will receive an email with a link to start your self-paced, online job application.
Our hiring platform will guide you through a series of online “screening” assessments to check for basic job fit, job-related skills, and finally a few real-world job-specific assignments.

Important! If you do not receive an email from us:

First, emails may take up to 15 minutes to send, refresh and check again.
Second, check your spam and junk folders for an email from Crossover.com, mark as “Not Spam” since you will receive other emails as well.
Third, we will send to whatever email account you indicated on the Apply form - by default, that is the email address you use as your LinkedIn username and it might be different than the one you have already checked.
If all else fails, just reset your password by visiting https://www.crossover.com/auth/reset-password if you already applied using LinkedIn EasyApply.
Crossover Job Code: LJ-3649-JP-Within23-DataAnalyst