Responsibilities

Build projects and develop data solutions that deliver insights to help grow our businesses.
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
Develop data analytics strategy and work effectively in a cross functional team environment.
Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of commercial activities, marketing strategies, business processes and strategies.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.
Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality.
Liaise with stakeholders around the business to improve execution of current projects as well as negotiate novel analytic initiatives, serving unmet business needs and accelerating innovation.
Work with supporting technology teams to improve data mining processes of internal and external data sources

Key Competencies

Relationships/Communication -Ability to manage successfully in a matrix organization, ability to drive cross-functional team engagement, and create and sustain internal relationships with franchises and functional teams.
Leadership -Has demonstrated the ability to lead cross functional teams and influence key stakeholders in delivering results.
Strategic Understating -Ability to understand market and business dynamics and develop/adapt strategies to drive growth through market expansion, penetration, and market share gains.
Drive for Results -Be a source of strategic insight and direction in the Business Unit and the Franchise. Ability to inspire the teams to fulfill customer requirements and fuel business growth.
Teamwork -Able to effectively partner across franchises andfunctions. Able to influence across the organization to drive business results.
Business Savvy -Broad knowledge and understanding of the technical, operational, commercial, and marketing elements of the business and the organization.Ability to make good judgments and quick decisions based on robust business understanding.

Computer Futures is part of the larger SThree K.K group

To find out more about Computer Futures, please visit www.computerfutures.com | Computer Futures についてもっと詳しく知りたい方はこちらへ→ www. computerfutures.com

Award Winner Of

Great Place to Work 2019 | Growth Company of the Year by TALint Recruitment Awards 2019 | Best IT & Technology Recruitment Company of the Year by Recruitment International Awards 2018