Overview
Data Scientist; Tokyo, Japan
Product: Digital transformation (DX)
Japanese: Advanced
Flextime available
Remote work options are available
Salary: 6M - 18M JPY

Who you will work with
This company was established in 2019 as a technology specialist subsidiary to accelerate the digital transformation (DX) of one of the biggest general trading companies in Japan.
The team is composed of data scientists, IT architects, and related advanced technology engineers, in order to provide the one-stop solutions including data analysis, agile system development such as MVP (Minimum Viable Product), and incorporation and application of advanced technology, that is required for promoting DX.
The company believes that the essence of DX resides in how can we “Re-design” the business strategy and tactics, how can we incorporate cutting-edge technology as a “business tool” to increase added-value to customers and build competitive advantage. It is necessary to combine “industry knowledge” and “advanced technology”, and the key to success is to have the engineers be part of the project from an early planning phase, including data strategy planning, to project realization.
The company will contribute to solving various global social issues through the realization of our group’s DX.

Work Environment
Flextime available
Remote work options are available
Foreign employees already employed

Roles and responsibilities
Responsible for a wide range of tasks from planning to demonstration testing, depending on your skills and experiences.
Handle a wide variety of data for a general trading company group and be in charge of various analysis tasks such as building statistical and AI models.
Working in a team of several people or by yourself from planning to implementation of data analysis.
Contribute to the realization of digital transformation of the entire group, by making full use of your expertise in AI and data analysis as a means of solving problems and leading to new business ideas in various industrial fields.

Desired Experiences/Skills
Knowledge and project experience in AI, data analysis, and statistics
Able to translate the business issues and hypotheses into data analysis issues and goal setting

*Please note that the position is only for those who are currently residing in Japan

What you’ll get in return
Salary starting from 6M - 18M JPY

What you need to do now
If you are interested in this role then click ‘apply now’. Should this role not be for you but you are still interested in mid-career roles in Japan (and you have a valid visa), please send your CV to ac.interview@active-connector.com and/or visit https://www.active-connector.com/ to register and explore the positions we currently have available.

Who We Are
Active-Connector works with innovative Japanese companies aiming to promote genuine diversity and push for a better work environment. The companies we work with are often StartUps in the tech sector who are always on the lookout for international professionals to help them take their business to the next level. We work with revolutionary risk-takers who want to create a positive impact and change how the world perceives Japan as a closed and traditional society. We carefully choose to work with Japanese companies who share our vision and values in one way or another.