Job Description

Department Overview

Rakuten is an EC company. The business model of Rakuten Ichiba is B2B2C and we worked close to merchants. Also we are focusing of the B2C model. And EC Firstparty Department (ECFD) is a home of B2C model business in Rakuten. B2C model business can control the variation of the items at the stores and also increase the quality of the delivery the item to the customers.

EC First Party Development Department has responsibility for developing and operating the systems related to B2C E-Commerce businesses.

◆Services of ECFD

・Rakuten Books, Magazine

・Kobo

・Rakuten Fashion

・Sokai Drug, Rakuten 24

・Rakuten Seiyu Netsuper

◆Innovation and Platform section

In the ECFD organization, there is an Innovation and Platform section which support the growth of ECFD’s services. This section has several groups like DevOps group, PMO group and Data Analytics& Platform Group.

Position

Why We Hire

The services of ECFD are growing and we need more members to work with

Position Details

◆Data Analyst

This position belongs to Data Analytics& Platform Group, Innovation and Platform Section – ECFD.

The responsibility of Data Analytics& Platform Group

Collect, transform, make pipeline and publish data for various use cases.
Design, build, operationalize, secure, and monitor data processing systems with a particular emphasis on security and compliance; scalability and efficiency; reliability and fidelity; flexibility and portability.
Analyze, visualize and interpret the data

We are looking for experienced Data Analyst who is familiar with data analysis process / any BI Platform / product management.

Work Environment

Currently 15 members belong to the group.

Mandatory Qualifications

Data analysis process
Any of the following BI Platform (Tableau/DOMO/MSTR)
Product/Project management
Business level of Japanese

Desired Qualifications

SQL
Python

Additional Information On Secondment

NA

#engineer #datascientist #researcher #commerce #RakutenFashion #RakutenBooks #Rakuten24 #RakutenSeiyuNetsuper #Python