Would you like to be in the driving seat of Data Analytics within the Cosmetic universe?

Then L'Oréal Research & Innovation might be exactly the place you have always been looking for !

For more than hundred years, L’Oréal believes that beauty needs Science. In a world now transformed by digital technology and the emergence of new scientific Domains, we are confident in our ability to turn these opportunities into major innovations, closely linked to the new consumer expectations all over the world. Science & Technology are allowing us to invent safe, trustable, sustainable & responsible beauty products and experiences that will change people’s lives.

L’Oréal R&I has continuously invested upstream in its research with a high level of ambition. Our 3800 L'Oréal R&I people are talented and highly skilled, located in major markets, working in a cooperative way, opened to the world.

The Digital Transformation team is one of the core driving pillars of L’Oréal for the future. We have ambitions to push the boundaries of augmenting formulation performance, through leveraging Data Science and management to build the solutions to take Cosmetic Science to the next level.

We are looking for a Data Analyst to join our Japan team

YOU WILL…
oversee data management and statistical analysis for research, development and evaluation in R&I JPN
advise the labs on the best design for tests, to obtain the most accurate results
advise the lab in their Design of Experiment strategy and analysis
be hands on supporting data analysis and visualization for all métiers/ teams
provide training on data visualization and analysis to different métiers/ teams
contribute to development of statistical analysis toolbox
YOU HAVE...
post graduate degree in data science, applied mathematics, statistics, computer science or related field with intensive training in numerical analytics
experienced with data analysis using basic data modelling techniques including descriptive statistics, variance analysis, correlation, regression modeling etc at minimum 2 years or more.
proficient coding skill in one or more of the following programming languages such as Python, R or Matlab
proven and accurate analytical skills including advanced Excel skills, and familiar with the basic knowledge on database management
good communication skill in English both spoken and written
YOU ARE...
self-driven and entrepreneurial in spirit, with ability to work independently
comfortable in taking on multiple roles in a transversal and international organization
able to work hands-on in developing/ building/ testing solutions, with strong problem-solving ability
interested or sensitive to the field of cosmetics, chemistry and/ or biology