【求められる経験・スキル / Required Experience And Skills】

At least 3 years of broad experience in the domains of Advanced Data Analytics, Data Science, Machine Learning and AI in the Sales and Marketing domain.

Knowledge and experience with best practices and frameworks utilized in the fields of Advanced Data Analytics and Data Mining.

Ability to clearly understand business requirements and translate them into data-driven processes and solutions, as well as to consult business stakeholders on optimal solutions, and to manage expectations.

Experience with designing analytical solutions, as well as storytelling and presentation of insights and outcomes to senior business stakeholders (Directors and/or Senior Managers).

Experience in summarizing his / her own analytical processes and results in a PowerPoint, by using diagrams, charts, etc., and explaining them to people with limited knowledge of Data Science.

Hands-on experience within the end-to-end Advanced Data Analytics process, from data extraction, EDA, data preparation and preprocessing, to predictive model building, validation, and deployment.

At least 3 years of strong, hands-on programing experience with Python as a Data Scientist, using libraries like NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, SciKit-Learn, Seaborn, TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, as well as constructing classes, functions, and objects.

Hands-on experience with modern Data and Analytics ecosystems, cloud environments and services, such as AWS (SageMaker, S3, Glue, Step Functions, etc.), Azure or GCP, as well as understanding of Big Data foundations.

Ability to extract, design and link datasets from diverse internal and external data sources, by writing SQL queries as a part of the ETL process, and to prepare master datasets for modeling and analysis.

Superior analytical maturity to provide business outcomes with proficiency in a broad range of marketing methodologies, quantitative approach, Advanced Data Analysis, and statistics.

Strong interpersonal and communications skills.

Ability to lead data-driven initiatives, which sometimes include changing existing systems, operations or mindsets of others, based on prioritization.

Native-level of Japanese proficiency, and business-level or higher of English proficiency.

2 years of experience of actively communicating (e.g., through presentations, etc.) with business stakeholders in the Sales and Marketing / Commercial domain.

Degree(s) in Computer Sciences, Statistics, Physics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, Public Health, (Pharmaco-)Epidemiology, Pharmacy.

【学歴】

大学卒業以上

【職種 / type of occupation】

データサイエンティスト

【給与 / salary】

年収 500 〜 1,100万円

【賞与】

10%

【雇用形態 / employment status】

正社員

試用期間

有り

【就業時間 / working hours】

09:00～18:00

【休日休暇 / holiday】

日曜日,土曜日,祝日

【保険 / social insurance】

健康保険,厚生年金保険,介護保険,雇用保険,労災保険

【待遇・福利厚生】

裁量労働制度

在宅勤務制度

受動喫煙防止措置

屋内原則禁煙（喫煙場所あり）

【特長 / features】

外資系企業

【業種 / industry】

医療機器・医療品関連

Job ID: VAC-234482/