About Us

Zurich-based green-tech company Hitachi Zosen Inova (HZI) is a global leader in solutions for energy transition and circular economy including Energy from Waste (EfW) and Renewable Gas (RG), operating as part of the Hitachi Zosen Corporation Group. HZI acts as a project developer, technology supplier and engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contractor delivering complete turnkey plants and system solutions for thermal and biological waste recovery. Its solutions are based on efficient and environmentally sound technologies, are thoroughly tested, and can be flexibly adapted to customer requirements. HZI’s Service Solutions Group combines its own research and development with comprehensive manufacturing and erection capabilities to provide support throughout a plant’s entire plant cycle. HZI works for customers ranging from established waste management companies to up-and-coming partners in new markets. Its innovative and reliable solutions have been part of more than 1,600 reference projects worldwide.

Your responsibilities

Responsible for process data analysis of energy from waste plants during the lifetime
Compile comprehensive root cause analyses
Define, implement and monitor corrective actions
Write and manage operational reports
Analyse and optimise plant performance, availability, energy and resource
consumption and develop improvements
Create analysis tools and algorithms
Introduce improvement suggestions for future projects

Your experiences

Engineering degree in mechanical engineering, chemical or process engineering
Experience in process engineering of plants or operation thereof, in particular energy from waste
Experience in data analysis (Python of advantage)
Detailed knowledge of process engineering procedures and practices
Knowledge in plant automation
Good communication skills in English or German, additional languages are an asset
Convincing conversational partner even in controversial discussions
Independent development and implementation of high-quality solutions
Basic project management skills

We offer

Responsible challenge with diversified field of activity
Team-oriented working atmosphere in an international Company
Personal development opportunities through own Inova Academy
Opportunity to gain an insight into various technical disciplines
Excellent employment conditions
Attractive working place (central, good transport links)
Modern infrastructure

Contact

Do you have any questions? Please contact us.

We look forward to receiving your application.

For HR agencies: Please note that we do not accept applications coming from agencies. Thank you.