Job Description

Business Overview

The Marketplace business is responsible of Rakuten Ichiba, the founding business of Rakuten.

Rakuten and Rakuten Ichiba was establishes in 1997 and has been delivering the joy of shopping to users throughout Japan by embodying Rakuten's mission: “contribute to society by creating value through innovation and entrepreneurship", and creating a system that allows people who are good at business to easily open their stores beyond the limits of the business sphere,. We are now one of the largest online shopping marketplaces in Japan with more than 55 thousand merchants (as of January, 2022) and holding more than hundred million memberships.

https://www.rakuten.co.jp/

Department Overview

Account Innovation Office’s mission is to plan and execute the business strategy of each industry (FMCG, home electric appliances, cosmetics, beverages etc.) to support major manufacturers to expand their business in Rakuten Ichiba. We were founded in 2019 and are now one of the rapid-growing department in Rakuten. We are looking for new members who can work with us to further strengthen the organization.

Data planning group’s mission is to maximize the benefit of our major manufacturer clients by using the big data (e.g. data maintenance/data operation/data extraction/report creation). You will work close with sales and strategic planners.

Position Details

You will work close with sales and strategic planning team and will be responsible of the following:

Data extraction using SQL and other internal tools
Data aggregation and analytics, Report creation for clients
Development of common data infrastructure

You can handle one of the largest bigdata in Japan. Also since it is a business for our clients, you can have the experience to think how the data can be used to expand the business and to actually make action based on the data.

Work Environment

Data Planning group: 5 people

Strategic Planning Section: 20 people

Approximately 90% of the members of Strategic Planning Section are mid-career employee and many of them are from manufacturer, ad agency and research company. Male-female ratio are almost equal and there are wide range of age groups.

Mandatory Qualifications

More than 3 years of work experience
Data processing and aggregation using SQL
Data processing and aggregation using EXCEL (function, pivot)
Those who can actively explore skills
Those who can work as a team in cooperation with team members
Those who have interest in E-commerce

Desired Qualifications

Design and creation of KPI tools using BI Tool
Experience of programming using Python
Basic knowledge of statistics
Work experience in manufacturer, retail and EC industry
Creation of materials using Power Point

Additional information on Location

Rakuten Crimson House, Futakotamagawa

Others Information

Additional information on English Qualification

TOEIC Score exceeding 800 (or similar level of English ability) or a University Degree earned in an English-speaking country

TOEIC Score of 600 or higher is acceptable for fixed-term employees.

In this case, it is necessary to achieve a TOEIC Score exceeding 800 after joining Rakuten in order to be eligible to become a regular employee.

If no evidence is available to prove the qualifications denoted above, taking an IP test, organized by Rakuten, during selection process is required.

#business #marketing #PR #commerce #RakutenIchiba #Python

Languages

English (Overall - 3 - Advanced), Japanese (Overall - 4 - Fluent)