Description

The Big Data Developer profile will provide support for Google Cloud Platform products and solutions including Big Data and related services. The profile will provide technical assistance and developer support as part of a global 24x7 support organization. The profile will also work closely with engineers and product managers to improve the product and make our customers successful.

We Value

Value the individuals – We encourage and motivate people to grow. We perceive our people as a source of our success;

Strive for excellence – We strive for the highest standards of excellence and continuously learn. We take pride in our engineering and accomplishments;

Act as a team – We treat one another with respect and encourage the best ideas to come from anywhere within the organization. We value our diversity;

Focus on Customers – We build long term customer relationships, as we strive to always understand our customers' business and needs;

Act with integrity – We operate legally, honestly and ethically. We take responsibility for our actions.

#REF_JP_TG

Responsibilities

Provide technical and developer support to customers using Cloud Platform products, solutions and APIs
Identify and document product bugs and feature requests and work with internal support teams as well as customers to implement effective solutions
Work closely with internal support teams to improve cloud products at a senior level
Provide assistance and guidance to users through public forums (third party and Google-owned)

Requirements

Ability to read and understand code, able to write code to reproduce customer problems
Strong research, analytical and problem-solving skills required to work with petabyte or even exabytes of data
Familiar with web protocols (HTTP, TLS/SSL, etc)
Firm understanding of programming (Java, C++, C#, Scala, Python, etc.) and scripting languages (Python/PHP/R)
Background in SQL
Experience with Big Data architectures and technologies (more than 1TB of data) and BI solutions
Ability to read and understand public facing docs (Google developer's website or stackoverflow)
Familiarity with modern API technologies (OAuth, HTTP RPCs)
Experience with distributed computing frameworks (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, Flink, Storm, Samza, Beam, Google Big Query, etc.)
Experience with distributed data stores (HBase, Cassandra, Riak, Google Bigtable, Amazon Dynamo DB, etc.) and/or distributed message brokers (Kafka, RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ, Google Pub/Sub, Amazon Kinesis, etc.)
Business level English skill (B1+)
Japanese Native Level or JLPT N1 Language skills

Nice to have

Experience in technical support: familiarity with case prioritization, SLA compliance, and quality
Experience with the popular technologies in the machine learning/big data ecosystem
Experience with any ML library (scikit-learn, pytorch, tensorflow, Spark mllib) or basic understanding of ML concepts
Experience with PaaS, and IaaS technologies
Java or Objective C is a plus

We offer

Friendly team and enjoyable working environment
Work-life balance and flexible schedule
Online training library, mentoring, career development and potential partial grant of certification
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Referral bonuses
Compensation for sick leave and paid time off
Opportunities for self-realization