About Paidy Inc.

Paidy is Japan's pioneer and leading BNPL service company. At Paidy we believe in creating simple, instant experiences to take the hassle out of shopping with a touch of magic.

Paidy offers instant, monthly-consolidated credit to consumers by removing hassles from payment and purchase experiences. Paidy uses proprietary models and machine learning to underwrite transactions in seconds and guarantee payments to merchants. Paidy increases revenue for merchants by reducing the number of incomplete transactions, increasing conversion rates, boosting average order values, and facilitating repeat purchases from consumers.

Paidy continues to innovate to make shopping easier and more fun both online and ofﬂine. For more information, please visit http://www.paidy.com.

About Position

Paidy's Risk & Analytics team supports decision-making and operations in all parts of Paidy's business through data analytics and also designs the models and tools to reduce the company's credit and fraud risk.

Paidy's Risk & Analytics team is currently looking for a Data Scientist to help combat fraud within the Paidy payment ecosystem. The fraud team's role is to use payment and consumer behavior data to identify fraudulent patterns, understand how bad actors are abusing Paidy and set rules to prevent losses.

To be a successful member of the team, you should be highly adaptable and can demonstrate past achievements working in the financial, e-commerce or telecom industry. Previous experience or exposure to fraud within the e-commerce industry would be a big advantage. This position requires somebody with a keen eye for detail and an out of the box way of thinking.

Key Role and Responsibilities
Use data science tools and techniques to:
Detect new patterns of abuse and fraud within Paidy's payment ecosystem
Create and maintain scripts to pull out suspicious cases for manual review by the fraud operations team
Create and monitor fraud policy rules within the risk engine to block fraudulent activity
Maintain the fraud database
Identify new sources of data and new ways of using existing data to better detect fraudulent activity
Build and maintain operational and management reporting
Work cross-functionally with credit risk, operations, sales and other departments to create and automate robust processes that help detect, prevent and react to fraud attacks.
Keep up to date with latest industry fraud trends

Skills And Requirements
Bachelor's degree or higher, preferably in a quantitative field, or equivalent experience
Ability to deliver under pressure
More than 2 years work experience in a related role (data science, data analysis, business intelligence)
Experience extracting insights about user behavior in the Japanese marketplace
Experience in payment fraud is a big plus
Proven ability to translate technical findings from analysis into simple takeaways for a non-technical audience
Experience working with common data science query and general languages (e.g. SQL + Python)
Experience with common machine learning tools (e.g. SKLearn, Keras, XGBoost) is a big plus
Fluent in English
Business level Japanese language ability or higher is a must
You will be asked about your experience with the Paidy App during your interview. Please download the Paidy App and try it out:
iOS: https://apps.apple.com/jp/app/paidy/id1220373112
Android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.paidy.paidy&hl=en&gl=US
For those who are not able to download Paidy App, due to the regional restrictions, please be advised that you download the similar BNMP apps, such as Klarna, Afterpay, Afﬁrm and so forth, and come up with your opinions on these applications and services.

What We Offer
The opportunity to make a signiﬁcant impact on the vibrant Japanese market, building products affecting millions of users every month
A diversity culture that accepts everyone's values and opinions, working with talented people coming from 20+ countries
An attractive salary and the latest equipment of your choice (MacOS, Windows, or Linux).
Remote working & Flexible working

Paidy Values:

Be a winner / 勝ちにこだわる
Beat expectations / 常に期待値を超える
Display surprising speed / 人をスピードで驚かす
Embrace risk / リスクを恐れない

Own it and deliver / 結果を出す
Commit to what, when and how to deliver/ 目的・やり方・期限にコミットする。
Own the actions to deliver / 結果のためのアクションにこだわる
Embrace conﬂict when needed to deliver results / 必要なら対立・衝突も恐れない

Play an integral role / 大切なピースになる
Make an irreplaceable contribution to our business / 替えの効かない貢献をする
Embrace and bridge differences in language and culture / 皆が言語と文化の架け橋になる
Raise the bar / スタンダードを上げ続ける