Job Description

Business Overview

Rakuten Group, Inc. is the largest e-Commerce company in Japan, and also provides a variety of consumer and business-focused services including Travel, Banking, Securities, Credit Card, e-Money, Online Marketing and Professional Sports.

Department Overview

We are the Personalization and Merchandizing team at Rakuten. We are a diverse cross function team of talents from around the world. Our solutions optimize Rakuten experience and services for billions of consumers, merchants, advertisers, and Rakuten’s ecosystem of partners and services, globally. Our specializations range from personalized recommendations to search advertising and targeting to pricing, inventory and incentives optimization.

Leveraging our scale, data, and core machine learning capabilities and algorithms we are driven with our mission to deliver better optimized experiences to the society, online and offline.

Position

Why We Hire

We are looking for talented data scientists who have the passion and the expertise to create business value using data analytics solutions and services. Familiar with the latest technologies and trends in data science and analytics, you will utilize your expertise to develop and maintain data analytics solutions that automate and optimize business processes and derives value from Rakuten's data assets and improves the service to our customers.

Position Details

Create business solutions through a combination of science and software.
Develop products and services cooperating with project managers, developers and business staff.
Track business effect of products and improve existing solutions through systematic and scientific analysis with business impact in mind.
Operate and manage services with high quality and availability, cooperating with operation and development staff.

Mandatory Qualifications

M.S. (Ph.D. strongly preferred) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or related field
3+ years data analytics experience on business problems, preferably in E-commerce, ad targeting ,recommendations, personalization, search.
Deeply rooted scientific mindset and a data-driven approach to work.
Thorough understanding of mathematics and its application to business.
Strong software development ability in Python and experience with Linux and production servers.
Solid knowledge in KPI design and business performance tracking, AB testing and its statistical analysis.

Desired Qualifications

Experience in machine learning and AI technology, and its applications in forecasting.
Experience working with very large data sets.
Working knowledge of database and distributed processing technologies. Knowledge in Cassandra, Hadoop, Spark, is a plus.

#engineer #datascientist #researcher #technologyservicediv