Data Science Engineer At Japan's Growing Major Fintech Company

Global Environment |Work on a large scale of services

About Our Client

Major IT service company that has more than 100,000,000 members for their services.
Engineers are from dozens of countries, and the official language is English.
Job Description

Data Analyst / Data Scientist

This position is responsible for delivering business value through data analysis and scaling out activities, as well as fixing ad-hoc business difficulties and conducting education programs to aid data democratization.
By providing suitable counsel to business members, acquiring data, feature engineering, constructing models for each analytical issue, conducting assessments, and so on, you will need to take spontaneous action to achieve the role's purpose.
The goal of this function is to conduct ad-hoc analyses in order to solve business problems and incorporate machine learning models in our system.

MLOps Engineer

This position is responsible for overseeing our machine learning models and data pipelines, as well as developing technologies to streamline managerial tasks.
You'll have to create procedures to ensure that we're always providing the best value to our clients by properly managing machine learning models. You'll be in charge of managing models and data, monitoring data-related KPIs, and implementing re-training processes, to name a few responsibilities.
Non-Japanese engineers are welcome, as all engineering work and meetings can be conducted in English.

Data Engineer / Application Engineer

This part is implied to set up optimal applications and foundation to supply the most extreme value from information utilization persistently to our customers.
You will get to give commerce esteem to our framework clients and conclusion clients by not as it was fulfilling given necessities, but to making strides frameworks proactively exclusively and cohesively with venture managers and group members.
All the over parts require the capacity to proactively consider, propose, and actualize an application to supply our clients with superior commerce esteem through our system.
You'll have numerous openings to have a close conversation with trade individuals; hence, you'll have numerous chances to realize the esteem you're creating through your work.
The Successful Applicant

3+ years of work experience in machine learning, data analysis, data visualization, related system development related, or big data processing.
Experience in developing and managing not only ad-hoc scripts for analysis but also web-based applications or batch applications.
What's on Offer

Free food
Health Insurance
Hybrid (Remote and onsite)
Flex time
Contact: Risa Shimakura

Quote job ref: JN-062022-5642938