Company Profile

A famous pharmaceutical company

The Role

The client is seeking a Associate Director level Data Scientist with growth mindset, to work closely with cross-functional business teams adopting agile ways of working, to create business values and outcomes with data and Advanced Data Analytics.

Provide business outcomes that drive change management: Not only design solutions leveraging analytical approaches and best practices, but also write code, build prototypes, create and present documents, and deliver data-driven, actionable insights and business outcomes to stakeholders and management.
Implement technology modernization: Implement modern technologies related to Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning and AI, to improve business processes and efficiency of our company.
Drive agile delivery: Leverage our new ways of working to deliver business outcomes with agility and significant productivity, based on iteration and experimentation principles.
Foster global collaboration: Establish effective trust partnerships with cross-functional teams and global communities.
Lead decision making: Make and execute decisions by using Data Science techniques and data architecture, to solve critical business problems and achieve business goals.

Your Skills

At least 5 years of broad experience in the domains of Advanced Data Analytics, Data Science, Machine Learning and AI in the Sales and Marketing domain.
Knowledge and experience with best practices and frameworks utilized in the fields of Advanced Data Analytics and Data Mining.
Self-starter, able to clearly understand business requirements and translate them into data-driven processes and solutions, as well as to consult business stakeholders on optimal solutions, and to manage expectations.
Experience with leading, mentoring, nurturing, and supporting Junior Data Scientists team members.
Business level Japanese to do storytelling and presentation of insights and outcomes to senior business stakeholders

Location

Tokyo 23 wards

Salary

10mil yen-13mil yen

Selling Points

Cutting-edge AI/ML solutions ang tangible impact on real business
International working environment and collaborate closely with global teams
Flat organization and agile team structure
Good work life balance and flexible working style

Reference Number:06940-0012385612