Tasks

Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation(MFTBC) is an integral part of Daimler Trucks, leading global vehicle manufacturer and one of the world’s biggest manufacturers of commercial vehicles. With our FUSO brand, we make up approximately 40% of the Daimler Trucks sales volume with a presence in more than 170 markets worldwide. Since our first bus, we have aspired to bring society and our customers the highest quality of products and services.

By Combining Japanese tradition and the global power of Daimler, Mitsubishi Fuso provides unparalleled experience in a world leading company. This means that you will associate with global business partners every single day.

We offer an exciting, challenging position in Project Controlling. As part of our young and talented team, you will be directly involved in the future development of our innovative trucks and buses to be sold in over 170 markets worldwide. You will work closely with our internal business partners to strengthen our position as a leader in eMobility, connectivity and digitization within the Commercial Vehicle Industry. You will get the opportunity to show your talent and ambition while managing your own project financials in our multicultural department. Apply now to become a part of our future-defining team!

Job Overview

We are looking to hire a data analyst to join our Controlling team. You will take responsibility in analyzing data for various activities like cost reduction, developing reports, and present the data on the outcome. You should be very good in detailing, data analysis experience and deep understanding of the data analysis tools and databases.

Your responsibilities
Detailing the requirements of data analysis requests from within or outside the team
Generate the database for the analysis requests and maintain the same
Discuss with relevant stakeholders on database generation
Digitalization of manual reports
Generate, analyze and present the analysis for further detailing with relevant stakeholders
Use of data analysis for various purposes like Cost reduction, Efficiency improvement, mistake proofing etc…
Preparation of report using Power BI and other tools
Managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata.
Program using various data analysis tools
Processing confidential data and information according to Daimler data protection guidelines.
Qualifications

Your qualifications
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree with major in Finance- related areas and Data analysis;
Strong interpersonal and intercultural communication skills;
Excellent analytical and numerical skills;
Advanced skills at Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint;
Working knowledge in Microsoft Azure AI, Power Platforms, Power BI certification, Python, Peer Leader
High attention to detail;
Language skills:
English: Business proficiency level required

Japanese: Intermediate level preferred

Carrier Growth Opportunity

Effective data analysis implies tenacity and concentration, which would be your greatest assets in this career. As an avid learner and critical thinker, you will have great opportunities for personal and professional growth.

Competency

Strong interpersonal and intercultural communication skills

Excellent analytical and numerical skills

High attention to detail

Computer skills

Advanced skills at Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint

Working knowledge in Microsoft Azure AI, Power Platforms, Power BI certification, Python, Peer Leader

Language

English: Business proficiency level required

Japanese: Intermediate level preferred

Description of the business unit

You will be working as part of the Product and R&D Controlling department (FTA/BP). Our area is responsible for standard costing, R&D controlling, Product Controlling HDT/HB/Aggregates and Product Controlling LDT/MDT/LB with a team each in charge of the respective area.

Our young, dynamic team is made up 50:50 of Japanese and Internationals. Highly motivated multi national team offering you an opportunity to interact with people from various backgrounds and cultures every day. Working in FTA/BP you are exposed to a multicultural environment and challenged to use your English and Japanese skills on a daily basis.

<< Our working culture Video >>

https://www.mitsubishi-fuso.com/en/career/