Hybrid / Remote Work|Flexible Time

About Our Client

A leading US insurance with a long history of adapting to be able to support the customer in every day they can in the insurance industry. Winning multiple awards as well as being highly rated, they are a company who are taking steps to improve the work environment with the ever-changing technological modernization.

A strong presence of over 100 years with offices in over 20 countries, they are looking to increase the diverse multi-lingual team.

Job Description

Determine opportunities to use company data to generate business solutions.
Identify, hypothesis, and execute analytics business challenges, as well as ensure proof of concepts and project completion.
Deliver analytical solutions for the business, developing convincing explanations and plans to encourage business adoption.
Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques
Use statistical methods to conduct descriptive, predictive and prescriptive model building, and summarize/present findings in an impactful manner.
Deploy models and monitor outcomes.
Realization of improved sales (new business ANP), value of new business (VNB), operational efficiency, Net promoter Score (NPS), Customer Centricity and other agreed measures within the Data Analytics program
Support wider needs in visualization, data management and BI as the need arises
The Successful Applicant

5+ years of experience in sophisticated quantitative methodologies while working for prominent worldwide academic institutes, corporate innovation research labs, large corporate analytics departments, or consulting firms in analytics roles.
Track record of success in an advanced analytics role.
Understanding of machine learning models (Classification, Regression, Clustering, Time-Series Analysis, Dimensionality Reduction etc.)

Business Knowledge/Technical Skills

Quantitative methods and/or business analytics and problem-solving skills in industrial settings
Model building and application experience in data mining techniques and tools (e.g., R, Python, SQL)
Competent programming aptitude with excellent computation and data mining skills
Visualization tools (Qlik Sense, Power BI) skills

Leadership Competencies

Build rapport with colleagues at all levels in order to influence them, uncover business difficulties, and identify needs
Ability to present and communicate simply and effectively with audiences at all levels

Language

English - Business
Japanese - Basic

Or

English - Business
Japanese - Fluent

What's On Offer

Hybrid / Remote work
Flexible time
Multilingual diverse team
Contact: Osama Suleiman

Quote job ref: JN-082022-5720577