Job Summary

DESCRIPTION

At Amazon, we're working to be the most Customer-centric company on earth. One customer experience that we’re constantly looking to take to a new level is how we fulfill and deliver their orders. Our goal is to exceed the expectations of all our customers by ensuring that their orders, no matter how large or small are delivered where and when they need them, as quickly, accurately, and cost effectively as possible.

To meet this goal, Amazon is continually striving to innovate and provide best in class service levels through the introduction of pioneering new products and services in the last mile delivery space.

We are doing this by building a world class last mile operation, significantly complimented by Amazon Flex. Amazon Flex works directly with independent contractors – called delivery partners – to make deliveries to our customers. With Amazon Flex, individuals can now be their own boss delivering Amazon packages.

The successful candidate is analytical and possesses a passion for developing insights from data. In addition, you should be able to communicate those insights effectively to business stakeholders. This requires excellent business acumen and communication skills as well as the ability to work with business leaders to develop and define key business questions. The successful candidate will also be able to collect information and design the analysis model that answers these questions. The candidate will demonstrate critical analytical thinking and and the willingness to dive deep. Lastly, the successful candidate should be have technical proficiency in SQL, data visualization tools (preferably Tableau/AWS Quick sight) and be self-sufficient in data retrieval, cleansing, analysis and visualization.

【More Information】

Last Mile: https://www.amazon.co.jp/b?node=5637343051

Data Analyst: https://www.amazon.co.jp/b?node=5609906051

Tokyo office: https://www.amazon.co.jp/b?node=5589794051

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/disability/jp

Key job responsibilities
Own the APAC (AU, JP and SG) data intake process for new analytic requests. Collect, qualify and prioritize reporting and analytic requirements from marketing and operations teams.
Work with data owners, production systems, or other authoritative sources to guarantee data accuracy and reliability.
Work with business team to automate manual processes of data collection for different purposes.
Own the design, development, and maintenance of regular and ad-hoc metrics, reports, and analyses to drive key business decisions.
Enable effective decision making by retrieving and aggregating data from multiple sources and compiling it into a digestible and actionable format.
Keep regular communications and feedback loops with all stakeholders across global Amazon Flex teams.
Perform deep dives and generate data driven insights into risk, metrics, and reporting.

Basic Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in a business analyst, data analyst or statistical analyst role
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience
Experience using relational databases (e.g. Redshift) and advanced SQL, ETL, Excel and using databases in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets
Experience in identifying and building solutions to improve business efficiency via automation
Experience using data visualization platforms (e.g. Quick Sight, Tableau, Power BI) for effective data presentation
Business level of English (written & verbal)
Preferred Qualifications
8+ years of relevant work experience in a role requiring application of analytic skills in a business analyst, data analyst or statistical analyst role
Experience in the e-Commerce industry
Verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams
Be self-driven, and show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete or dirty data.
An ability and interest in working in a fast-paced and rapidly-changing environment
Advanced ability to draw insights from analysis supported by data and clearly communicate them to the stakeholders and senior management as required
Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause analyses
Excited about working in a diverse group and contributing to an inclusive culture
Please check the website below for measures to eliminate unwanted second-hand smoking in each facility:

https://www.amazon.jobs/en/landing_pages/passivesmoking

就業の場所における受動喫煙を防止するための措置に関する事項については、下記リンク先をご覧ください。

https://www.amazon.jobs/jp/landing_pages/passivesmoking

The salary information can be provided individually prior to the 1st interview

賃金に関する条件は、１次面接の前に個別にご案内することができます


Company - Amazon Japan G.K.

Job ID: A2230548