Job Description

Business Overview

Rakuten LIFULL STAY was established as a joint venture between Rakuten (51%) and LIFULL (49%) for the purpose of developing the private accommodation business in Japan. We launched the private accommodation business "Vacation STAY" on June 15, 2018.

Department Overview

In the vacation rental industry, which is becoming more exciting with the expansion of inbound tourists, the vacation rental site "Vacation STAY" aiming to become the No. 1 platform, and "Rakuten STAY", which operates its own accommodation facilities such as VILLA and House under the Rakuten brand. Why don't you try your own strength at a venture company that is developing businesses such as "Rakuten STAY" and expects great growth in the future?

楽天LIFULL STAY https://www.rakuten-lifull-stay.co.jp/
Vacation STAY https://vacation-stay.jp/
Rakuten STAY https://stay.rakuten.co.jp/

Data Insight Office, Business Creation Department

We are in charge of proposing accommodation facilities to owners, developing new properties, and managing them on behalf of the "RakutenSTAY" brand, which offers total customer experience design.

Our mission is to create new accommodation experiences by using the property performance data we manage and the transaction data of Rakuten Group companies such as Rakuten Travel.

Position

Why We Hire

We are planning to increase the number of employees in order to strengthen our system for further business expansion.

The Internet lodging reservation industry continues to grow year by year, and the competition for sales on the Internet is intensifying.

However, at the same time, more and more accommodation facilities are finding it difficult to secure their own human resources with strong web and marketing skills.

By utilizing the know-how and technology cultivated by the Rakuten Group, we would like to contribute to improving the profitability and operational efficiency of accommodation facilities nationwide.

Position Details

Collection, analysis and preparation of external tourism statistics
Investigation of competitor companies’ results, specifications, and plans during the new product development cycle

Work Environment

The background of our employees is not limited to the lodging industry, but we have people from the hotel industry, travel agencies, SaaS companies, e-commerce companies, and wholesalers.

Mandatory Qualifications

Experiences in Marketing or Data Analyst

Others Information

Additional information on Location

3-4-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo New International Building 8F

Additional Information On Secondment

Yes* This position will be employed by Rakuten Group, Inc. and will be seconded to Rakuten LIFULL STAY, Inc.

Additional Information On English Qualification

TOEIC score 650 or above

You can apply even if you do not have score unless you have same level of English ability.

#business #marketing #PR #commerce #VacationSTAY #RakutenSTAY

Languages

English (Overall - 2 - Intermediate), Japanese (Overall - 4 - Fluent)