UNLOCK DESIGN is a recruiting agency in Japan that works with many Japanese companies who are either looking to begin expanding overseas or who are already global and boast multinational teams - this position is for one such company.

【Basic Information】

Company: HEROZ

Position: Data Scientist

Apply From: Japan Only

Location: Tokyo

Salary: 7.5M - 14.5M

Language: English + Japanese (N2 or above)

Contract type: Permanent

Who We Are

At HEROZ, we work under the management philosophy of creating services that amaze the world, with the value of "enjoy everything with surprise in mind". We believe that everyone has a unique ability, and through the creation of our services, we hope to help "as many heroes as possible" be born.

Hayashi, one of the founders of HEROZ, was a Shogi player who won several national amateur championships and obtained the highest amateur rank of 6-dan at that time. Later, when he was improving his skills, he was influenced by the Artificial Intelligence (AI) of Shogi, and it was the beginning of the unknown possibilities.

We are developing products based on "AI x mobile", which is a combination of the industry-leading AI developed by our engineers that have won against professional Shogi players, and mobile which is the most accessible device to people all over the world.

In the future, we will continue research and development of machine learning such as deep learning and business applications centered on our original AI "HEROZ Kishin", and create a paradigm shift in each industry with the Artificial Intelligence Revolution. We want to do something interesting and surprising while maximizing the power of technology.

This is the concept behind HEROZ's "Surprise to the heart".

Roles and Responsibility

As a specialist in the AI business, we are promoting the AI revolution by introducing AI solutions to various industries and creating new value.

You will be a part of the team that develops analytical algorithms for prediction and optimization, big data analysis, and algorithms using machine learning such as deep learning, and adapts them to various industries such as construction and finance.

We drive projects by designing and planning from a technical perspective how to approach which industries with AI, while identifying issues in the world.

Specific duties

Develop plans and designs to solve project issues based on knowledge and experience in a wide range of technologies from AI to systems.
Collaborate with project managers and business consultants to develop policies and negotiate with customers to achieve project goals.
Use knowledge of mathematics and information science to observe and analyze data to ensure AI performance.
Lead development with high level of implementation skills
Enhance and maintain product quality in team development through code review and test design

Minimum Requirements

3+ years experience in research and development of high-performance AI models for multiple issues in the AI Problem Map of the Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence
Experience in leading system design and technology selection according to project objectives
Experience in meeting with clients to define requirements and report results
Experience in leading a project from business problem design to system development and operation

Preferred Requirements

Expert knowledge of mathematics and statistics
High scores or top results in Kaggle or other data analysis and AI development competitions
PhD or experience working in a research institute
Experience in international publications related to AI and data science (IJCAI, AAAI, NeurIPS, ICML, KDD, etc.)
Experience in performance tuning and improvement of computational complexity
Experience in building and operating high-performance computing infrastructure
Experience in development project management
Experience in development and operation of services from scratch by one person
Experience in using cloud services such as AWS, GCP, Azure, etc.
Experience in building and managing data lakes, data warehouses, and data marts
Design and organize workflows related to MLOps and DevOps
Team development experience (Git version control, CI, code review)
Experience in designing, building, and operating web servers and DB servers

【Who we are looking for】

Sees the potential in Artificial Intelligence
Ability to find and carry out tasks independently
Has a user-oriented mindset in pursuit of challenges
Has good communication skills
Someone who likes numerical analysis
Tenacious and can finish until the end
Has a high level of curiosity, and are always studying and collecting technical information

If you share our management philosophy, vision, mission and values, please apply!

Conditions / Benefits

Employment type: Full time

Location: 2F PMO Tamachi, 5-31-17 Shiba, Minato-ku, Tokyo

Closest stations:

・JR "Tamachi" station, Mita exit, 2 minutes walk

・Toei Subway "Mita" Station, Exit A3, 1 min. walk

Annual Salary: 5,000,000 - 11,000,000 JPY ・Determined based on experience and skills

・Bonus paid twice a year (August and February)

Hours: 10:00 - 19:00 (1 hour break included)

・8 hour work days

・Remote work and flextime system available with prior approval (core time from 11:00 to 15:00)

・As this is a discretionary work system, it is assumed the employee will work 8 hours a day.

If, as a result of the interview and upon mutual consent a time-controlled labor system is employed, a fixed overtime rate of 20-45 hours will be paid.

・2 days off per week (Sat. and Sun.), national holidays, year-end and New Year holidays

・Special leave: 3 days - granted upon joining the company, subject to regulations

・Annual paid leave: 13 to 23 days - granted after six months of employment

Probation: 3 months

Benefits: ・ Employment insurance, workers' accident compensation insurance, employee pension, and health insurance (Kanto IT Software Health Insurance)

・ Transportation expenses paid (remote work available)

・ Free dress code

・ PC with desired specs provided

・ Use of GPU server for calculation processing

**https://www.wantedly.com/companies/heroz/post_articles/146596**

・ Birthday lunch

・ Free drinks

・ Skill development support system (training/conferences/papers/libraries/qualifications, etc.) 300,000 yen per time with no limit on the number of times it can be paid

You can use the books, papers, etc. you purchased as your own without the need for the company to provide them to you.

・ Celebration and condolence money (wedding gift money, childbirth gift money, condolence money)

・ Inner communication (Company-wide meetings, year-end party, study meetings, project sharing meetings, etc.)

Interview Process

CV Screening
1st Interview (CTO)
2nd Interview (Manager)
Final Interview (CEO)
Offer

All interviews will be conducted in Japanese and a Japanese resume is required

This process is subject to change