Qualifications
MSc or PhD level in the field of Computer Science, Machine Learning, Applied Statistics, Mathematics
Experience in statistical modelling and machine learning techniques
Programming experience in at least two of the following languages Python, R, Scala, SQL
Experience in applying data science methods to business problems
Experience in applying advanced analytical and statistical methods in the commercial world
Good presentation and communication skills, with the ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields
Strong command of both English and Japanese (N1 or Native)
What You'll Do

As a Senior Data Scientist at QuantumBlack in Tokyo...

You will work in multi-disciplinary environments harnessing data to provide real-world impact for organisations globally.

In this role you will influence many of the recommendations our clients need to positively change their businesses and enhance performance. You will work alongside the Principal Data Scientist to develop world-class data science products for clients as well as for our data science team.

You will be expected to mentor Fellow Data Scientists and Data Scientists where required, and play an active role in leading team meetings and workshops with clients as well.

You will work on complex data sets from some of the world’s largest organisations, with highly skilled people in data science, data engineering and design.

Visit our Careers site to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits

As an equal opportunity employer, QuantumBlack encourages applications from all backgrounds regardless of gender, race, disability, pregnancy, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief. We maintain a sense of community rooted in respect and consideration for all employees where any evaluation is based simply upon individual work and team performance.

Who You'll Work With

You will be based in Tokyo and will be part of the Analytics team. You will work with other Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, Designers and Project Managers on interdisciplinary projects, using Maths, Stats and Machine Learning to derive structure and knowledge from raw data across various industry sectors.