Bloomberg runs on data, and data drives the market. Our Data team acquires and supplies this data to our clients. Teams work collaboratively to collect, analyse, process and publish the data which is the backbone of our iconic Bloomberg Terminal - the data ultimately feeding and moving the financial markets.

At Bloomberg, our products are fueled by powerful information. We combine data and context to paint the whole picture for our clients, around the clock - from around the world. In Bloomberg Data team, we're responsible for delivering this data, news and analytics through innovative technology - quickly and accurately.

The Team:

The APAC Economics team is responsible for the provision of macro-economic datasets and data-driven insights for APAC region. Whether it's providing datasets to track market-moving events, or delivering granular data from the latest economic releases, we keep the data flowing, analyze patterns, and deliver insights to help our clients understand the economic factors in their decisions. Each member of Data team has full ownership of their multidisciplinary role: we are nimble, autonomous, fast-paced, and work with purpose. And we'd like you to join us.

The Role:

Economics Data Analysts possess a unique combination of data management skills, technical skills and business insight, as well as strong communication and ability to build relationships. They use these skills to extract, transform and load timely, accurate and comprehensive data accessible to our clients across various Bloomberg platforms. They play a key role in evolving our products and processes, which makes the role challenging and entrepreneurial. Assisting our clients with their data queries is also key to the role.

We'll trust you to:
Leverage your knowledge of the financial markets and macro-economics to function as a subject-matter-expert, understanding our client's needs and enhancing our data products
Onboard and maintain relevant economic datasets, ensuring they update quickly and accurately
Analyze internal processes to find opportunities for improvement, as well as devise and implement innovative solutions
Apply your knowledge of our data and systems to provide superior customer service, finding solutions to client problems quickly and efficiently
Use industry and financial knowledge to create insights and premium content for our clients
Build database schema and configure ETL software to onboard new datasets
You'll need to have:
A Bachelor's degree (or above) preferably with combined studies in Econometrics, Economics, or Finance, or related business and STEM fields, and the ability to join in 2022 or 2023
Demonstrated experience working with fundamental Economic concepts, Time Series Data and Calculations, ideally up to 5 years of work experience
Experience in data management, data processing, data analysis, and associated tools
Strong attention to detail and high degree of demonstrated decision-making and problem solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, especially when explaining technical processes and solutions to business partners and management
Business proficiency and fluency in Korean & English to manage respective clients
We'd love to see:
Experience working with Economic datasets, in particular for large governmental sources
Applied proficiency in Python, SQL or R, demonstrated through school projects or work experience
Experience with web scraping and web API's
Desire to innovate and lead change
Does this sound like you?

This is an entry level role. Apply if you think we're a good match. Please note this is a two stage application process, following the submission of your candidate details you will receive an email with directions to complete an online assessment. Your application will not be complete until you have submitted the assessment.

Bloomberg is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender identity or expression, genetic predisposition or carrier status, marital status, national or ethnic origin, race, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, parental or caring status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy or maternity/parental leave, protected veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, or any other classification protected by applicable law.

Bloomberg is a disability inclusive employer. Please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments to be made for the recruitment process. If you would prefer to discuss this confidentially, please email apac_recruit@bloomberg.net.