Woven Planet is building mobility for a safer, happier and sustainable world. A subsidiary of Toyota, Woven Planet innovates and invests in new technologies, software, and business models that transform how we live, work and move. With a focus on automated driving, smart cities, robotics and more, we build on Toyota's legacy of trust and safety to deliver mobility solutions for all.

For nearly a century, Toyota has been delivering products and services that improve lives. Automation that originated to increase the efficiency of daily activities has evolved into the safe, reliable, connected automobiles we enjoy and depend on today. Now, we are looking to the next 100 years and to extending that dream for a better life for all people from cars to smart cities.

Our unique global culture weaves modern Silicon Valley innovation and time-tested Japanese quality craftsmanship. The complementary strengths enable us to optimize safety, advance clean energy and elevate well-being. We envision a human-centered future where world-class technology solutions expand global access to mobility, amplify the capabilities of drivers, and empower humanity to thrive.

TEAM

The Global Operations Analytics team is a new team that will be responsible for powering Woven Planet’s data-driven culture! The data and analytics delivered by this team will act as key inputs to help Woven Planet act on its mission to redefine mobility, and drive the company's metabolic rate. In parallel to providing insights, the team will work with a wide variety of partners to provide the right tools and training to modernise access to data with a dedication to improving the analytics experience.

WHO ARE WE LOOKING FOR?

An Analyst that is passionate about understanding and solving business problems with data, evangelising the use of data and building a data-driven culture across Woven Planet. Successful candidates establish relationships with business partners, dives deep to understand business problems, designs metrics to track performance, analyses data from all angles and designs reports with UX in mind. We value creative and positive team members with a helpful attitude and a customer-centric working style.

Responsibilities

Partner with operations and product teams to review, develop and implement metrics and automated reporting that will optimise business operations.
Own the development and maintenance of artifacts such as requirements, metric definitions, reporting dashboards and the data catalog.
Conduct complex queries and analyses and support business partners in diagnosing and resolving issues.
Collaborate with Data Engineers to set up data pipelines to retrieve, aggregate and model data from multiple sources.
Build and maintain a community of data enthusiasts and help drive the data-driven culture within Woven Planet by designing usable data models and building training programs.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Business, Economics, Finance, Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field, or equivalent experience.
5+ years of experience in a business analyst/data analyst/statistical analyst role.
Experience using SQL and Python for querying and analysing data.
Experience using data visualization platforms (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI) for effective data presentation.
Experience conducting deep dive analyses of business problems; identifying root cause of business trends, formulating conclusions and recommendations.

Preferred Qualifications

Ability to explain financial/technical concepts and analysis implications clearly to a wide audience, and be able to translate business objectives into actionable analyses.
Experience designing and building business forecasting models
Experience designing and building machine learning models.
Understanding of data warehousing and data modeling

If you are currently located outside of Japan we will set an interview over Google Hangout Meet or Skype.

What We Offer

・Competitive Salary - Based on skills and experience

・Work Hours - Flexible working time with NO core-hours

・Paid Holiday - 20 days per year (prorated)

・Sick Leave - 6 days per year (prorated)

・Holiday - Sat & Sun, Japanese National Holidays, and other days defined by the company

・Japanese Social Security - all applicable (Health Insurance, Pension, Workers’ Comp, and Unemployment Insurance, Long-term care insurance)

・ Employee Benefits

・In-house Training Program (software study/language study)

By submitting your application you agree to the following terms:

https://www.woven-planet.global/careers/privacy-policy

[OUR COMMITMENT]

・We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity.

・We pledge that any information we receive from candidates will be used ONLY for the purpose of hiring assessment.