Job detail

Senior Business Analyst to support the requirement understanding and convert business documents to technical documents.

Primary skill, Business Analyst, Secondary, SQL, ETL, DW / BI-Business Analyst to work with Business to gather requirements, consulting and coordinate development. T

Role and Responsibilities

Experience in any BI / ETL tools such as Tableau / Qlik / Spotfire / Power BI / Informatica / Data Stage / Talend / SAS

Experience in Requirement Gathering and understanding requirement from business.

Translate for functional requirement into technical requirements.

Consultant with business to guide on the best possible way to implement the requirement.

Good understanding of Data base programming and SQL scripting on DBs such as Oracle / MS SQL /Sybase

Ability to consultant business to address technical queries.

Business Japanese and Business English both verbal & written are mandatory.

Co-ordinate with offshore Ability to work in onsite – offshore model.

Experience – Essential

Datawarehouse / Data bases

Oracle / MS SQL

Experience – Desirable

Experience with ETL tools and BI Tools

About Cognizant

Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the US, Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @Cognizant.

Employee Status : Full Time Employee

Shift : Day Job

Travel : No

Job Posting : Jun 24 2022

About Cognizant

Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email TAGJapan@cognizant.com with your request and contact information.