Most companies try to meet expectations, dunnhumby exists to defy them. Using big data, deep expertise and AI-driven platforms to decode the 21st century human experience – then redefine it in meaningful and surprising ways that put customers first. Across digital, mobile and retail. For brands like Tesco, Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo.

We’re looking for an Applied Data Scientist who expects more from their career. It’s a chance to apply your expertise to distil complex problems into compelling insights using the best of machine learning and human creativity to deliver effective and impactful solutions for clients. Joining our advanced data science team, you’ll investigate, develop, implement and deploy a range of complex applications and components while working alongside super-smart colleagues challenging and rewriting the rules, not just following them.

What We Expect From You
Degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, Applied Statistics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or related field.
Programming skills (Python, Pyspark, R, SQL)
Experience focusing on the practical & pragmatic use of data and a passion for connecting your work directly to the customer experience, making a real and tangible impact.
Experience of handling large data volumes with modern data processing tools, e.g. by using Hadoop / Spark / SQL / Python.
Languages: English - Native level or Advanced; Japanese - Native or JLPT N4/N3
Experience range - 1 to 2 years are ideal; freshers may also apply for this role
Retail/FMCG background is good to have
What You Can Expect From Us

We won’t just meet your expectations. We’ll defy them. So you’ll enjoy the comprehensive rewards package you’d expect from a leading technology company. But also, a degree of personal flexibility you might not expect. Plus, thoughtful perks, like flexible working hours and your birthday off.

You’ll also benefit from an investment in cutting-edge technology that reflects our global ambition. But with a nimble, small-business feel that gives you the freedom to play, experiment and learn.

And we don’t just talk about diversity and inclusion. We live it every day – with thriving networks including dh Gender Equality Network, dh Proud, dh Family, dh One and dh Thrive as the living proof. Everyone’s invited.

Our approach to Flexible Working

At dunnhumby, we value and respect difference and are committed to building an inclusive culture by creating an environment where you can balance a successful career with your commitments and interests outside of work.

We believe that you will do your best at work if you have a work / life balance. Some roles lend themselves to flexible options more than others, so if this is important to you please raise this with your recruiter, as we are open to discussing agile working opportunities during the hiring process.

For further information about how we collect and use your personal information please see our Privacy Notice which can be found (here)