Job Description

Department Overview

We are designing strategies for each product category (consumer goods, home appliances, cosmetics, groceries, etc.) in order to make Rakuten Ichiba a more general and easy-to-buy shopping environment, and as a result, to achieve further sales expansion. The department is expanding rapidly, and we are looking for talents who can work together to expand distribution.

In this cross-category team specializing in data analysis within this department, the talents will be in charge of a wide range of data analysis work in order to increase the value provided and improve efficiency of the entire department.

Position

Why We Hire

With the rapid expansion of our department, the amount of analysis work is also increasing, so we’d like to increase the number of talents in charge of this analysis work.

Position Details

In charge of the following tasks in cooperation with each category team and other departments.

KPI design and construction of tracking environment
Formatting of analysis methods and deployment of formats within our department

(Method of verifying the effectiveness of the campaign, etc.)

Data analysis that contributes to strategic planning

(Purchase data analysis, marketing research, report-based industry analysis, etc.)

Responding to ad hoc data extraction requests
Document analysis results and create presentation materials

Attractiveness of position

Analysis using the largest purchase data (Bic Data)
Implement a wide range of analysis work (Skill Up)
Possible to acquire and improve your business sense because we have a lot of opportunity to discuss with a wide range of stakeholders

Mandatory Qualifications

Data processing / analysis experience in previous job
Data aggregation using Excel (function, Pivot)
Those who like to understand the meaning from the aggregated data
Those who can actively explore skills
Those who can work with a sense of ownership
Those who can work as a team in cooperation with team members
Experience with SQL/BI Tool is not mandatory. But, it’s necessary to acquire those skills in the work.

Desired Qualifications

Data processing and aggregation using SQL
Design and creation of KPI tools using BI Tool
Creation of materials using Power Point
Knowledge about retail industry and EC
Basic knowledge of statistics
Data processing, multivariate analysis and visualization using Python / R

Others Information

Additional information on English Qualification

TOEIC Score exceeding 800 (or similar level of English ability) or a University Degree earned in an English-speaking country

TOEIC Score of 600 or higher is acceptable for fixed-term employees.

In this case, it is necessary to achieve a TOEIC Score exceeding 800 after joining Rakuten in order to be eligible to become a regular employee.

If no evidence is available to prove the qualifications denoted above, taking an IP test, organized by Rakuten, during selection process is required.

#business #jobcategory01 #datascientist #jobsubcategory05 #commerce #organization01 #RakutenIchiba #servicename01 #Python #programminglanguage06

Languages

English (Overall - 4 - Fluent), Japanese (Overall - 4 - Fluent)