Company Description

Visa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.

When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.

Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.

Team Summary

Job Description

The Visa Consulting and Analytics team provides analytics and consulting services to address client business problems leveraging market and internal data. In addition to building and automating interpretable and actionable predictive models, we assist clients in execution of models and evaluation of results.

The team interacts with stakeholders and team members across multiple functions, and thus strong intuition for developing analytic models that can solve specific business concerns is essential. The role further entails innovating new analytics services as we scale out our activities.

What a Senior Data Scientist Does At Visa

Executing multiple medium to large analytic projects along with rest of the stakeholders in analytics & consulting teams
Establishing best practices for change management, model automation and production rollout
Familiarity with batch processing and process monitoring for model refresh
Meeting with clients to explain model results, answer questions and propose further analysis
Actively seek out opportunities to improve processes and technologies
Collaborating with the internal teams to fully understand business requirements and desired business outcomes
Defining detailed analytic scope and methodology, and creating an analytic plan
Executing with appropriate statistical and machine learning techniques
Providing thought leadership in both using data to solve business problems and arriving at innovative technology and statistical solutions
Ensuring project delivery within timelines and budget requirements
Work as independent contributor mostly and as a team lead if needed by providing guidance to other team members when required

Why this is important to Visa

VCA s services allow our clients to boost their business performance through leveraging Visa s expansive market insights and data. Our role in Japan in particular is pivotal in advancing the transition towards a more cashless payments landscape.

Projects You Will Be a Part Of

Attrition and propensity modelling
Recommendation systems and clustering algorithms
Network analysis
LTV and forecasting algorithms

This is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office two days a week, Tuesdays and Wednesdays with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% of the time based on business needs.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the evolving visa/travel restrictions in place, we are currently only able to extend offers to candidates with the right to work in Japan and are unable to offer new immigration sponsorship.

Qualifications

What you will need:

5 years of analytical experience in applying statistical solutions to business problems
Graduate degree (Masters or Ph.D.) in computer science, or a quantitative field such as physics, statistics or mathematics, or equivalent experience
Proficiency in processing large data sets using Hive and related tools
Fluency in multiple technologies and languages (Java/C/C or more or more/Python/R/SQL), with experience in at least one compiled language
Experience with a wide cross section of machine learning techniques : clustering, dimensionality reduction, variable selection, cross validation, neural networks, gradient boosting, linear & logistic regression
Unix/Linux proficiency: command line tools, shell scripting
Fluent level in Japanese and business level English proficiency (or vice versa )

What Will Also Help

Ability to quickly ideate novel mathematical models to address new problems
Experience in cards/payments, retail banking, or retail merchant industries

Additional Information

Visa has adopted a Covid-19 vaccination policy to safeguard the health and well-being of our employees and visitors. As a condition of employment, all employees based in the country where this job is located are required to be fully vaccinated for Covid-19, unless a reasonable accommodation is approved or as otherwise required by law.