Job Summary

DESCRIPTION

At Amazon, we're working to be the Earth’s most customer-centric company. The goal of JP Last Mile Technology Team is to exceed the expectations of our customers by ensuring that their orders, no matter how large or small, are delivered as quickly, accurately, and cost effectively as possible. To meet this goal, Amazon is continually striving to innovate and provide best in class delivery experience through the introduction of pioneering new products and services in the last mile delivery space.

JP Last Mile Technology Team is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to design, evangelize, and implement state-of-the-art solutions for never-before-solved problems, helping last mile space, based in Tokyo, Japan.

The Senior Data Scientist will work closely with other research scientists, machine learning experts, and economists worldwide, to design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and find new ways to improve last mile analytics to optimize the Customer experience. The Scientist will partner with technology and product leaders to solve business and technology problems using scientific approaches to build new services that surprise and delight our customers. Science at Amazon is a highly experimental activity, although theoretical analysis and innovation are also welcome. Our scientists work closely with software engineers to put algorithms into practice. They also work on cross-disciplinary efforts with other scientists within Amazon worldwide.
Related information
[Department] https://www.amazon.co.jp/b?node=5637343051

[Data Analyst/Engineer] https://www.amazon.co.jp/b?node=5609906051

[Location] https://www.amazon.co.jp/b?node=5589794051
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/disability/jp
Key job responsibilities

The Key Strategic Objectives For This Role Include
Understanding drivers, impacts, and key influences on last mile delivery dynamics.
Drive actions at scale to provide low prices and increased selection for customers using scientifically-based methods and decision making.
Helping to build production systems that take inputs from multiple models and make decisions in real time.
Automating feedback loops for algorithms in production.
Develop input and assumptions based preexisting models to estimate the costs and savings opportunities associated with varying levels of network growth and operations
Communicating with and supporting various internal stakeholders and external audiences
Utilizing Amazon systems and tools to effectively work with terabytes of data.
About The Team

Last Mile Execution Analytics (LMEA) team of JP works as an integral part of Amazon Logistics to ensure that its business intelligence, analytics, tools and planning needs are met. By providing information, insight, and decision support, we strive to enable success of all parts of Amazon Logistics. Our customer set includes senior management, station operations, external vendors, long-term planning, Ops technology (Voice of the Delivery Station, Voice of the Customer), network planning, and pretty much every BI and Ops teams in Amazon Logistics.


Basic Qualifications
Masters in quantitative field (Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, AI, Statistics, or equivalent)
Knowledge and expertise with Data modelling skills, SQL with Oracle, MySQL, and Columnar Databases
Skilled with Java, C++, or other programming language, as well as with R, SAS, MATLAB, Python or similar scripting language
5+ years of experience working in data science in a consumer product company, managing Machine Learning Scientists, Data Scientists, Research Scientists, Applied Scientists, Economists or equivalent fields
Experience in leading experienced scientists
Business level of English
Preferred Qualifications
A PhD in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, AI, Statistics, or equivalent)
10+ years of experience working in data science in a consumer product company
5+ years of experience managing Machine Learning Scientists, Data Scientists, Research Scientists, Applied Scientists, and/or Economists
Extensive knowledge and practical experience in several of the following areas: machine learning, statistics, NLP, deep learning, recommendation systems, dialogue systems, information retrieval, XGBoost, LightGBM, ElasticNet.
Functional knowledge of AWS platforms such as S3, Glue, Athena, Sagemaker.
Ability to distill informal customer requirements into problem definitions, dealing with ambiguity and competing objectives
Ability to manage and quantify improvement in customer experience or value for the business resulting from research outcomes
Demonstrated industry leadership in the fields of Database and/or Data Warehousing, Data Sciences and Big Data processing.
Deep understanding of data, application, server, and network security
Superior verbal and written communication skills, ability to convey rigorous mathematical concepts and considerations to non-experts
Successful record of developing junior members to a successful career track
Excited about working in a diverse group and contributing to an inclusive culture.
Please check the website below for measures to eliminate unwanted second-hand smoking in each facility:

https://www.amazon.jobs/en/landing_pages/passivesmoking

就業の場所における受動喫煙を防止するための措置に関する事項については、下記リンク先をご覧ください。

https://www.amazon.jobs/jp/landing_pages/passivesmoking

The salary information can be provided individually prior to the 1st interview

賃金に関する条件は、１次面接の前に個別にご案内することができます


Company - Amazon Japan G.K.

Job ID: A2120603