About MOLOCO

Moloco’s goal is to make the digital economy more equitable and profitable by delivering advanced machine learning to companies of all sizes. With Moloco’s machine learning platform for growth and performance, every app publisher and online retailer can now unlock the value of their unique, first-party data for user acquisition, retention, and monetization campaigns.

Founded in 2013, our advanced machine learning engine powers our product portfolio. Moloco Cloud DSP enables performance marketers to quickly scale user acquisition and achieve greater lifetime value through battle-tested prediction models. Moloco Retail Media Platform enables online retailers and marketplaces to establish their own performance ads business.

Our technology is best in class; we received the SMARTIES X silver award for Machine Learning and AI, and Moloco was named the Cross-Industry Winner for Google Cloud Customer Awards.

The company is in hyper-growth mode and we ranked #95 in the Inc. 5000 fastest-growing private companies for 2022. We ranked #91 among Deloitte’s 2021 Fast 500 and have been certified by 91% of the company via Great Places to Work .

It’s a great time to join this innovative team. Moloco is headquartered in Silicon Valley, with offices in San Francisco, New York, Seattle, London, Seoul, Singapore, Beijing, and Tokyo. For more information, visi t www.moloco.com

Moloco is a leading mobile adtech company that unlocks the value of data through advertising. Utilizing proprietary lookalike modeling, deep learning prediction engine, and 100% RTB inventory, we empower our partners to grow their mobile businesses through marketing and monetization.

Role responsibilities:

Working cross-functionally with business and technical teams to support campaign management and team communication
Campaign analysis: analyzing and visualizing data from lots of mobile apps to provide insights to existing and future campaigns using standard tools including SQL and proprietary dashboards
Campaign optimization: engaging in the lifecycle of campaigns from setting up and monitoring daily performance to providing recommendation for stronger campaigns using our machine learning capabilities
Business analysis: Extract and manipulate data, creating actionable recommendations for business decisions. This may include, but is not limited to, publishers, verticals, creatives, and internal workflow optimization through data insights

Qualifications:

2+ years of experience in data analytics
Ability and desire to hit the ground running and to optimize results in order to leave things better than when you got them
Exceptional people skills with a proven record of building and maintaining strong professional relationships
Outstanding time management, organizational, and communication skills (both written and verbal)
Strong attention to detail
Proactive team player with the ability to adapt to a fast growing tech company
Excellence in logical thinking, problem solving and proven familiarity with big data
Familiar with statistics fundamentals such as linear/logistic regression, hypothesis testing and binomial probabilities
Comfortable with SQL and Excel; experience with R/Python is a plus
Bachelor’s degree is required
Fluency in English and Japanese