Job Description

Business Overview

Rakuten group has almost 100 million customer base in Japan and 1 billion globally as well, providing more than 70 services in a variety such as ecommerce, payment services, financial services, telecommunication, media, sports, etc. Following the strategic vision “Rakuten as a data-driven membership company”, we are expanding our data activities across our multiple Rakuten group companies.

Department Overview

Data Science Consulting Department aims to maximize business benefits based on Rakuten Big Data, Data Based Business Consultancy, and cutting-edge Data Science Technologies. Related to this position, this organization closely works with Rakuten Global Ad Division, Rakuten Payment Inc, and major companies in Retail and Ad agency. And creates a new OMO business by connecting on-line advertisers and off-line retailers. This position is required to design Win-Win business structure among stakeholders and identify who Rakuten Big Data contributes to the business.

Why We Hire

In recent years, Rakuten Group has developed strategic business alliances with several major retail and offline service companies. In order to promote this activity, it is necessary to prove that online marketing activities have a direct positive impact on offline business, and it is necessary to plan and carry out OMO marketing.

Position Details

This Role, “OMO Data Marketing Manager”, works for managing Online to Offline data marketing projects with Rakuten Data and Assets to empower external Retail & Offline service companies.

Mandatory Qualifications

- Experience in digital ad marketing for 5+ years in major manufacturers or retailers or ad agencies. -

Project Management Skill to lead with cross-company projects.
Proficient in English and Japanese (TOEIC: 800+)

Desired Qualifications

Expertized at Point Program Ad campaigns for retails, such as media planning, marketing strategy.
Experience in Data Oriented Digital Marketing, such as Google / Yahoo DSP, SEM, Location Based Ad, SNS marketing.
Experience to launch new business / Joint Initiative with more than 1Bn JPY annual revenue.

#engineer #productmanager #director #projectmanager #technologyservicediv

Languages

English (Overall - 3 - Advanced), Japanese (Overall - 3 - Advanced)