An extraordinarily talented group of individuals work together every day to drive TNS' success, from both professional and personal perspectives. Come join the excellence!

Overview

TNS is seeking a self-starting senior developer to work on the Call Guardian product development team. Call Guardian is an industry-leading call analytics solution that uses cross carrier real-time call events combined with crowd-sourced data to create accurate and comprehensive reputation profiles differentiating legitimate users of communications services from abusive, fraudulent, and unlawful users.

Responsibilities

Responsibilities:

Design, develop, and test software applications for the service provisioning and data analytics portions of the Call Guardian product suite. The developer will be responsible for working with the Software Engineering manager, Product Management group, and Data Science team to help develop applications and support the solution in our on-prem and public cloud environments.

Responsible for requirements interpretation, detailed design specifications, coding, unit testing, and maintenance of software modules for both new and existing systems.

Responsibilities Include (but Not Limited To)
Design and document software components that meet organization and industry standards
Code high quality software components in accordance with organizational standards, technical requirements, and detailed designs
Effectively participate in a team-oriented environment that involves continuous design reviews, code reviews, and collaboration
Proactively communicate with Development Manager and/or Technical Lead regarding the status and potential impacts on the delivery date and/or expected quality of tasks and projects
Actively work with Project Management and QA teams and produce technical documentation required by QA
Provide technical guidance and product expertise to Customer Delivery and Operations to resolve production issues
Follow established development processes for assigned projects.
Qualifications

Desired Skills:
The ideal candidate would be a Java and/or Scala developer with approx. 8 to 12 years of experience
Hands on experience working with Big Data tools and frameworks like Hadoop, Spark, Map Reduce, Hive and Impala
In-depth knowledge of streaming technologies like Kafka, and/or Spark Streaming
Strong experience in design, development and understanding of NoSQL databases like HBase, Druid, Solr
Object oriented analysis and design patterns using Java/J2EE technologies,
Experience with Restful Web Services, data modeling
Working proficiency in build and development tools (Maven, Gradle, Jenkins)
Experience with test frameworks like JUnit, Mockito
Experience in public cloud environments, such as AWS and Azure
Nice to have: Knowledge on Spring Framework, MVC architectures, ORM frameworks like Hibernate
Job Qualifications: (professional and/or technical certifications, education, training, etc.)

Required
BS in Computer Science or equivalent in related fields
Desired
MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent in related fields
Additional Comments: (professional and personality traits, special job requirements such as traveling, shift work, etc.)
Good communication skills and the ability to work well within a team
Flexible, able to work on more than one project at

If you are passionate about technology, love personal growth and opportunity, come see what TNS is all about!

TNS is an equal opportunity employer. TNS evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, disability/handicap status or any other legally protected characteristic.