Glanbia Business Services

Customer Analytics Data Scientist

An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Customer Analytics Data Scientist to join Glanbia’s Centre of Excellence for Business Intelligence and Data Analytics. This a permanent role and will report to the Data Analytics Lead, CoE for BI and Data Analytics.

Glanbia - Our Business

Glanbia is a global nutrition company and the global leader in the performance nutrition industry with a portfolio of performance and lifestyle nutrition brands. As a nutritional solutions provider in the B2B arena, we commercialise specialty nutritional, functional ingredients and precision premixes to meet our customer needs. Glanbia’s growth has been achieved both organically and via targeted M&A to scale positions and build into adjacencies in attractive segments aligned with our purpose.
B2C: each of our own brands has its own consumer appeal. We are the #1 global sports nutrition brand with a growing presence in lifestyle nutrition.
B2B: our portfolio of both nutritional ingredients and cheese products gives us strong market reach and customer relevance. We work closely with our customers to develop products that exceed their expectations.
D2C: our digital platforms enhance engagement with our consumers at multiple touch points throughout their purchasing decision journey. We will continue to connect with consumers through creative excellence and new digital layers of services.
Employing over 6,000 people across 32 countries, our products are sold or distributed in over 100 countries with total Group revenue of €4.2bn. We have three segments: Glanbia Performance Nutrition, Glanbia Nutritionals and Joint Ventures & Associates. Our shares are listed on the Irish and London Stock Exchanges (symbol: GLB). http://www.glanbia.com

Location

The role will be based in Citywest, Dublin 24 or Glanbia’s Kilkenny offices. A blended working arrangement is available through our Smart Working model, which allows greater flexibility in how you work.

Overview

An exciting opportunity has arisen in the Glanbia Data Analytics team to work across a range of customer focussed business analytics and data science activities. This role will deliver actionable, data-driven insights to help Glanbia better understand their customers and how to market to them. The role will support all Glanbia divisions but will be focused initially on the Glanbia Performance Nutrition business, supporting their consumer and customer teams.

Key Responsibilities
Propose data science problem solving approaches to business challenges.
Work closely with business stakeholders to translate their functional requirements into new reports and applications developed in Tableau to support executive decision making.
Help to create data models for the business that focus on customer lifetime value (CLTV) and cost of acquisition, creating customer cohorts and segments that can be reported on to learn more about our customers.
Lead customer propensity analysis and leverage this intelligence to improve marketing and trade strategy.
Review quantitative and qualitative data to learn about customer motivation, leveraging data to support business interests.
Tell compelling stories about how customers use our products through clear reporting and the delivery of key insights in self-service dashboards for business use.
Requirements

Education
Primary degree and/or Masters qualification in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science or a related quantitative discipline, or the equivalent work experience.
Experience
Naturally inquisitive, pro-active problem solver with a creative mindset.
3-4 years of prior experience working in a consumer, retail, marketing or customer analytics role.
Domain experience in areas such as customer analytics, customer acquisition and retention, marketing effectiveness, consumer sentiment and retail business would be beneficial.
Proven track record of delivering data insights to feed strategic decision making.
Experience developing and maintaining production ready data analytics applications to generate insight, recognise patterns, predict behaviour and deliver content directly to users of information products.
Enjoy working in a fast-paced environment.
Fluent English speaker.
Skills And Competencies
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse, and disseminate significant amounts of information with high level of accuracy and attention to detail.
Knowledge and experience cleaning and preparing data for integration into production environments using R or Python.
Knowledge and experience with a version control system (e.g. Git).
Logical thinker with a pro-active attitude, problem solving skills and demonstrable experience working with both structured and unstructured data.
Good organizational skills with experience supporting cross-functional teams.
Good working knowledge and understanding of database structures, SQL and experience querying databases using SQL.
Good understanding of data visualization with experience developing data driven applications in front-end visualization software (e.g. Tableau, Qlik, Looker etc.) or using JavaScript based tools (e.g. d3).
At Glanbia, we celebrate diversity, because we know that our individual strengths make us stronger together. We welcome and encourage interest from a wide variety of candidates, and we will give your application consideration, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, or disability status.

At Glanbia our culture will celebrate individuality, knowing that together we are more.