Big Data Solution Architect

The Elevator Pitch: Why will you enjoy this new opportunity?

Working with the VMware Tanzu Data team, you will be directly involved in the design and implementation of big data solutions to help customers integrate and manage their data to achieve business outcomes. You will work with the latest technologies in Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) data technologies, with advanced features in areas such as Geospatial, Graph and Machine Learning. You will work with some of the brightest engineers globally, with deep expertise in many areas such as distributed processing and query optimisation – many of them contributors to popular open-source projects such as Greenplum and PostgreSQL.

Success in the Role: What are the performance outcomes over the first 6-12 months you will work toward completing?

Within your first 6 months

You will be expected to familiarise yourself with VMware Tanzu Data products, specifically Greenplum and PostgreSQL databases, and may also include integration know-how to RabbitMQ messaging and Gemfire cache technologies
You will conduct discovery sessions with customers to identify business objectives, data landscape and challenges in integration and management of data
You will design and architect data modernization solutions based on VMware Tanzu Data products, and present architecture, design vision and strategy to customers at multiple levels including executives, technical management and individual contributors
You will work with customers to implement proposed data architecture and solutions

The Work: What type of work will you be doing? What assignments, requirements, or skills will you be performing on a regular basis?

With a strong understanding of DW/BI concepts (eg. ETL, ODS, BI Tools), and familiarity of the modern data technology landscape (e.g. Teradata, Hadoop, Snowflake), you can expect a variety of the following assignments:

Conduct discovery sessions with customers and design and architect data modernization solutions to meet business goals
Work with customers to install, configure and tune Tanzu Data products to meet performance and scalability requirements
Travel within Japan, up to 50% of the time, for customer discovery sessions and delivery of services on-site
Provide enablement and advisories to customers in terms of best-practices, optimisation technique and to achieve availability goals
Work with Engineering and Product Management teams, for rapid competency build-up, as well as influence the development of product features and enhancements
As an evangelist, be involved in pre-sales activities or marketing events to share the value of Tanzu Data products, including responding to product related queries as well as delivering proof-of-concepts to get customers’ buy-in

What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like?

You will be part of the Tanzu Data APJ Team with more than 20 engineers across the APJ region. This position will report to the Tanzu Data Technical Leaders of Japan and APJ, both them having many years of experience in the Data Engineering domain. The APJ Data Team has a collaborative working culture and will not hesitate to share knowledge and experience regardless of regions. In addition, you will also have access to expertise globally, including Data Teams from America and EMEA regions, as well as engineering team support behind Tanzu Data products.

Where is this role located?

Flexible: The location of this role is flexible within Japan. Work will be done from an office some days during a week and other days from a non-VMware building.

What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware?

You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights, or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting www.benefits.vmware.com.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Medical Coverage, Retirement, and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types
Generous Time Off Programs
40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community
Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges, or developmental disabilities
Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation, trainings, course work, etc.)
Wellness reimbursement and online fitness and wellbeing classes

Category : Sales

Subcategory: Systems Engineering

Experience: Manager and Professional

Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time

Posted Date: 2022-05-27

VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.