Data Scientist - 12 month Fixed Term Contract Maternity Cover

Flexible remote options available

We're seeking a fixed term maternity cover for a Data Scientist/Pricing Modelling Analyst here at BGL Insurance with exceptionally strong analytical and modelling skills, to develop our market-leading pricing and data science strategy.

You will develop and apply new, ground-breaking statistical and machine-learning approaches a to drive commercial impact and customer outcomes. You will be part of a vibrant, ambitious team of statistical analysts and data scientists, who work collaboratively to drive both immediate trading opportunities as well as long-term strategic priorities.

Key Accountabilities And Responsibilities
Play a key part in driving our market-leading pricing and data science strategy for life insurance
Develop and apply new, ground-breaking statistical and machine-learning approaches to drive commercial impact and customer outcomes
Build life insurance pricing models, delivering our income targets for all our brands (Beagle Street, Virgin Money, Budget Life) by applying predictive modelling and AI approaches
Join a vibrant team of statistical analysts and data scientists, who work collaboratively to drive both immediate trading opportunities as well as long-term strategic priorities
Skills, Experience And Knowledge Required
You are a forward thinker with a strong academic background, and with a graduate, or postgraduate degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, or another analytical subject
You are ambitious, creative, with very strong analytical and programming skills (e.g. in Python (preferred) /R/SQL)
You are rigorous, quality-conscious, with a desire to learn and apply new analytical approaches, such as generalised Linear Models, Gradient Boosting Machines, neural-networks, or stochastic analysis
Advanced Python (advantageous)
Experience with ML deployment (advantageous)
Why Choose Us?

BGL Insurance, part of the Markerstudy Group, is a leading digital distributor of insurance to three million customers. BGL Insurance provides a range of motor, home and life insurance products in partnership with several of the best-known brands in UK financial services and through own brands Budget Insurance, Dial Direct and Beagle Street, all supported by state-of-the-art, award winning, contact centres and market leading digital platforms.

With over 1,700 colleagues across three sites in Peterborough, Sunderland and Wakefield, BGL Insurance uses its passion, scale and expertise for the benefit of its customers, offering unrivalled value, ease and confidence.

Diversity and Inclusion

We're a diverse community of dedicated, innovative and talented professionals. Inclusive by instinct, we encourage our people to create and share ideas - supporting their growth and celebrating their uniqueness. We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer and stand firmly against discrimination of any kind.