TalkTalk is passionate about using data driven insight to underpin our decision making; from the day to day running of our business through to answering the larger more complex business questions.

The Data Science team works closely with Product & Commercial, Marketing and Sales & Loyalty teams to increase the satisfaction and value of our customers.
As a Data Scientist you'll work directly with stakeholders to design and test business hypotheses to identify and implement new trigger-based campaigns to solve core business challenges.

Your work will deliver churn, satisfaction and revenue improvement using machine learning to industrialise predictive and prescriptive models and segmentations.
You'll be a customer advocate, helping colleagues to understand and connect with our customers at the overall & segment level.
You'll also work closely with the other analysts and researchers in the team to deliver the Customer Insight Strategy.

The successful individual will be passionate about data and analytics, highly experienced in delivering actionable insight and comfortable working in a fast paced environment. You'll have a desire to continue to develop yourself and others across the analytics community, growing our Data science capability.

What do I need in order to be successful?
Must have:

A BSC or MSC in a numerate discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science Engineering)
Strong experience in customer analytics/ insight
Proficient in SQL and at least one of the following: Python, R, Scala
Expert in statistical modelling including k-means segmentation, multiple regression, factor analysis, time-series, forecasting and gradient boosting
Experience in cleaning, shaping and transforming raw or unstructured data into more summarised formats for consumption
Ability to build strong personal relationships and trust with business and technical colleagues
Skilled in communicating complex insight succinctly and clearly
It would be great if you also have (but we'd still like to hear from you if you don't):

Experience in the Telecommunications sector
Experience in deep learning, neural networks, reinforcement and adaptive learning
Experience in digital data sets, e.g. social listening and social network analysis, plus natural language processing.
Familiarity with Cloud platforms (Microsoft Azure, GCP or AWS) and data visualisation using Power BI
Experience in Marketing ROI initiatives such as Econometrics, Marketing Mix Modelling, Attribution

What we can offer you:
We understand the importance of recognising and rewarding our colleagues. In addition to your base salary, you will be provided with a company bonus/commission, pension scheme, private healthcare cover, income protection and life assurance. We also:

Embrace flexible working
Encourage you to participate in a development programme that will be led by you, supported by your line manager and backed by the business.
Offer free TalkTalk broadband and TV
Provide an opportunity to participate in share schemes
Wellbeing and recognition schemes
Offer a range of discounts on shopping

On top of all this, you get to choose your benefits flexibly around what works best for you!