COMPANY DESCRIPTION
We’re currently looking for individuals with vision, innovation, passion, technical excellence, drive to deliver, collaboration, and execution. Join a team of like-minded people who personify our mission of ownership, craftsmanship, and open communication. We are looking for new colleagues who want to transform the future of web3!

BENEFITS
Competitive base salary, bonus and stock options
Health insurance for employee, partner and dependents
401k company match
Paid parental leave
Unlimited paid vacation
Commuting and relocation benefits (we have offices in LA and NYC)
Travel benefits for candidates coming to and from LA.
Crypto conferences also covered
Computer equipment and workplace furniture to suit your needs

THE ROLE
Senior Machine Learning Engineer


ABOUT THE ROLE
You’ll be defining, designing, and implementing data pipelines and temporal, natural language, graph, and other machine learning models with best MLOps practices.

You won’t be alone - but will be working with our seasoned quant & ML team.

Currently our team is still small, meaning you’ll be able to have huge impact on the overall direction of Atlas and shape the future with our users and ourselves.This also means this isn’t your “traditional” ML engineering role. You’ll be expected to widen your horizon, from understanding user needs, technical limitations, and company strategy...it’s a complex task.

What we're looking for
What we’re looking for is a strong, collaborative ML engineer who can easily interface with our quant and backend teams with a product-minded focus.

We’re looking for the following key traits for our next team members:
You can ship. You should be effectively be able to support the shipping culture - meaning you have diverse skillsets from generating ideas for data sources and model architectures to bringing those - once agreed upon - to scalable production.
System thinking. What we're building is quite complex - and elements connect to each other in unexpected ways. Being able to see the full picture, while drilling down into details is a must.
Curiosity & Always learning. You're interested in new trends in your domain. You see keeping up-to-date with the latest standards, tools, and (to an extent) research as a core part of your job.
Collaborative. We ship as a team - and great ideas & solutions come from every member of this team. You're honest with both giving and taking feedback - and take pride in delivering the best possible solution versus being emotionally attached to a single idea.

Our stack is PyTorch, Kafka, Terraform, and MLFlow. The central challenges here are the multimodality of the data, lowest-possible latency inference, and being creative about what data to source and how to source it.

Bonus points
Solid knowledge of ML testing and documentation best practices
Previous startup experience
Previous experience building a highly-scaled product
You have previous experience in a PM-focused company
Team- and culture-oriented
You have passion for technological advancement and web3