Job Advert

Is Data Science your true passion? Do you want to lead and develop a new team building data science and ML solutions to drive our omni-channel customer personalisation and recommendation capabilities?

You will join our Customer Decision Science and Analytics team to lead a newly formed team focussing building personalisation and recommendation models to power targeted customer communications. You will build solutions aligned to our Loyalty and Targeting roadmap, working very closely with our Omni Channel customer engagement and existing ML/AI build team.

Your work will help bring our customer centric strategies to life. As Asda moves through a digital transformation, you'll be joining Asda at the right time. Leveraging data and analytics is a critical area of transformation and you would be at the very heart of this!

Your Role

Collaborate with internal stakeholders to develop a prioritised plan for building the desired outcomes and measures for customer personalisation and recommendations.
Lead a team to build and productionise market-leading personalisation and recommendation products to enhance our omnichannel customer experience.
Work in an agile way towards delivering Personalisation at Scale through "always-on" omnichannel marketing
Work with stakeholders to design experiments that quantify the performance of your products
Mine and analyse big data sets, leveraging data science skills and techniques to build products that make a difference
Be confident extracting, querying and manipulating data from multiple sources; and working with data engineers to define requirements for data pipelines

About You

A highly experienced data, personalisation/digital and insight professional with expertise in applying data science to customer-facing outcomes.
Experience of leading a team of high performing data scientists who have built and operationalised personalisation/recommendation solutions
Experience in campaign building and testing methodologies
Fully conversant in analytics and statistical concepts
Demonstrable knowledge of some, or all of: SQL, R, Python, Alteryx, Spark within cloud environments.
Experience of using machine learning frameworks
Experience working with Data Engineering teams to efficiently productionise end to end processes

Hybrid Working

Work Where it Works.  Our hybrid way of working gives you the choice to work where it works.  This enables you to complete your daily tasks where you will be the most effective.  It offers a mix of working from home and in an office environment that works best for you and your team.  We would love to talk to you about this.

You Will Also Get An Excellent Benefits Package Including

Company car or £5,700 car allowance, plus discretionary company bonus
Company pension up to 7% matched
10% colleague discount, free parking and many additional rewards.

We want all colleagues to be able to bring their best and true selves to work, every day. Simply put, we want our colleagues to be Proud to be Asda and proud to be themselves.

If you have any questions, then please email Alexander.Thompson@asda.co.uk