Senior Data Scientist | Up to £75K | Fully Remote | Games Studio

Do you want to work for one of the UK’s Leading Games Studios? Want to join a company who are passionate about building the most engaging gaming experiences for players all around the world? Then this could be the role for you.

My client is on the lookout for an experienced Senior Data Scientist to work in an exciting and vibrant environment, with input to everything from architectural designs, cutting edge technology choices, testing, and profiling, evaluating software solutions, programming paradigms and future vision.

Company Benefits: Salary up to £75,000 10% Bonus Scheme Flexible Working Private Health Care Gym Membership Generous Pension Contributions Life Insurance Free Cycle Repair Income Protection Dental Plan Free Fruit and Drinks Subsidised Canteen

Key Duties Include: As the Senior Data Scientist, it will be your job to build algorithms and design experiments that will feed into data products that support the games in commercial, marketing and gameplay areas. Predictive modelling, machine and deep learning approaches will be expected to be in your toolbox. You will be suggesting new areas of investigation to drive player engagement and increase the bottom line. This role is key to our future data science function, and to that end will entail coaching and mentoring. This coaching and mentoring extend not only to future data scientist hiring, but the data engineers and analysts. Ensuring that the entire department is involved, you get to place yourself at the innovative centre, making sure the overall know-how of data science is disseminated amongst the rest of the team. This is an opportunity to put your data science skills to practical use, push a modernizing agenda and excite the entire studio. Upcoming projects include churn prediction, bot detection, store/item recommendation, player sink point modelling and much, much more. There is a fascinating dataset waiting to be explored and exploited in endlessly interesting ways, and the data collected changes and expands all the time. There is no reluctance to use the latest papers to create cutting edge solutions, as long as it has practical use within the studio. Collaborate with data engineering teams to build model deployments and data pipelines. Collaborate with analysts to understand business questions and build better models. Work closely with the Studio to identify issues and use data to propose solutions for effective decision making. Stay up to date with industry and data science standard technologies and evangelize them among the team when relevant. Identify new avenues for exploration: combining game world data with game player data with commercial, marketing, store front and a myriad of other sources to forge new ground. Coach, mentor and help build data science capability.

Essential Skills: Strong python knowledge. Strong machine/deep learning knowledge. Experience with modern ML/DL packages. Ability to design, develop, train, test, evaluate, deploy, and manage different models. Experience with applied statistics. Excellent communication skills with the ability to present results to people with varying backgrounds and experiences. Understanding of the different deep learning network topologies and when to apply them. Linux/Mac development environment. Lead the execution of projects and provide technical leadership to drive our data science products and insight strategy, advocating the effective use of data technologies. Mentor and lead junior members of the team; set a quality bar, inspire innovation and creativity, and make the vision a reality. Work with external development teams (2nd, 3rd or contractual) to successfully launch new products that provide advanced data science and analytical capabilities.

Desirable Skills: Gamer at heart - we expect our employees to be product focused on all levels. Familiarity with c/c++. Familiarity with knowledge graphs. Knowledge of natural language processing. Knowledge of information retrieval systems. Knowledge of GIS. Experience in AWS. Experience modelling with data from modern marketing technology stacks. Experience with big data ecosystems and infrastructure. Experience deploying applications through container orchestration systems (Docker and Kubernetes). Creating models for a production environment. Understanding of current and future business needs relative to the gaming and technology industry. Experience in building strong relationships within a company and empowering your team to do the same