Keeping millions of global customers engaged through entertainment 24 hours a day, seven days a week takes the insight, intelligence, and ingenuity of a global team of switched-on media professionals. We are QVC, the world’s biggest broadcast-retailer always on - and on a mission to change the way the world shops.

Who We Are

Job Description Details

We are currently recruiting for a Senior Data Scientist who has a deep understanding of modern machine learning techniques, mathematical underpinnings, and be able to translate this knowledge into business applications. This role is responsible for structuring and translating business problems into models, synthesizing complex data, and defining and building advanced analytics techniques for wide-ranging use cases - from delivering a personalized customer experience to optimizing marketing spend, finding optimal price-points, providing accurate forecasts, assessing incrementality, and improving merchandising efficiencies. Working with multiple teams across the business is crucial to understand their goals, challenges, and priorities. Hence, effective communication, interpersonal and people skills are essential – for highly technical discussions as well as communicating ideas to less technical stakeholders.

Your Impact

Experienced at refining and drawing reports and presentations from Data Scientists. Expert (knowledge and practical experience) in managing a data science project from idea inception to delivering the model output to the stakeholders/business. This includes identifying risks to delivery and proposing working mitigations strategies. Plays an analytical role in researching, designing, and implementing scalable solutions – as well as being an expert at applying advanced statistical capabilities and delivering statistical models. Providing technical leadership as well as line management and coaching advice to Data Scientists. Experienced communicator, able to align with the needs, views and asks of the business stakeholders. Able to maintain regular communication line on project updates, impactful changes to the business. Expert in identifying new applications of data science and machine learning to the relevant business domains. Able to advise the business on the timelines for delivery and PoC assessment phase.

What You Bring
Expert on mathematical and statistical underpinnings of machine learning and experienced in applying theorical knowledge to new unexplored areas without guidance. Experienced in analysing model performance and making appropriate adjustments where necessary, also experience in classical and deep-learning ML.
Strong Python coding skills, with extensive experience of hands-on project development (Python usage well beyond jupyter notebook). Experienced in applying best coding practises to designing code projects and code reviews. Also familiar with advantages and disadvantages of Python over other programming languages, able to choose the right language for the right task.
Good working knowledge of cloud infrastructure (GCP, AWS, Azure, Databricks, etc.) and ability to use a cloud-based compute instance for day-to-day development. Strong knowledge of the practical steps of developing and deploying an ML model using cloud platform. Familiar with platform-specific tools for data ingest.
The Senior Data Scientist must have a bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, or any other related quantitative field. An equivalent of the same in working experience is also acceptable for this position.
Exceptional interpersonal skills: a results-orientated individual that is self-motivated and proactive needing minimal supervision. A strategic and creative thinker with an ability to handle multiple simultaneous projects, be highly organized able to prioritize and meet tight deadlines, have a keen eye for detail, have an ability to work comfortably in a group/collaborative setting, take accountability for business and team performance, have an ability to stay calm and composed in times of uncertainty and stress.
We Offer
Being a part of our Advanced Analytics Team. Exposure to our global business and how we work across a variety of markets including, the US, UK, Germany, and Italy.
Open and trusted teamwork in which we value fun along the way.
Competitive benefits that include private medical care, life insurance, benefit cafeteria.
Casual atmosphere and all of that you will experience in our modern office.
INDCORP

At QVC we see it like this, you spend a third of your life in work, so work happy* Live better.

About QVC, Inc

QVC, Inc., exceeds the expectations of everyone we touch by delivering the joy of discovery through the power of relationships. Every day, in nine countries, QVC engages millions of shoppers in a journey of discovery through an ever-changing collection of familiar brands and fresh new products, from home and fashion to beauty, electronics and jewelry. Along the way, we connect shoppers to interesting personalities, engaging stories, and award winning customer service. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986, QVC has more than 17,000 employees and has retail operations in the U.S., Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy, France, and through a joint venture in China. Worldwide, QVC engages shoppers on 14 broadcast networks reaching approximately 370 million homes, seven websites, and 220 social pages. Visit corporate.qvc.com to learn more.

QVC, Inc., is a wholly owned subsidiary of Qurate Retail, Inc. (NASDAQ : QRTEA, QRTEB), which includes QVC, HSN, zulily and the Cornerstone brands (collectively, "Qurate Retail Group"), as well as other minority investments. Qurate Retail Group believes in a third way to shop -- beyond transactional ecommerce or traditional brick-and-mortar stores -- and is #1 in video commerce,#3 in ecommerce in North America and #3 in mobile commerce in the U.S. (according to Internet Retailer). For more information, visit www.qurateretailgroup.com. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc.

EEO

As an equal opportunity employer, Qurate Retail Group is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.

Click Apply and log in with your existing account or create an account. This will allow you to check the status of your application at any time and receive the most up to date communications from our Talent Acquisition team.