The Brambles digital team enjoys the best of both worlds: the flexibility of a start-up environment with the stability and backing of one of the world’s most essential businesses.

We’re creating value from massive, connected data. Our unmatched insights illuminate more than 300,000 supply chains, more than a million customers and partners, and over 300 million physical assets that are constantly on the move around the world.

We’re transforming business. Optimizing the most complex, globe-spanning processes. Breaking boundaries and solving problems in ways no one could have imagined. Getting involved in commercial realities of big business decisions. Making the Internet of Things real for supply chains all around the globe. And using advanced data analytics to help our customers move more with less and create a better planet.

About the role:

This is a remote-based role with some travel to the local office, once or twice per month. The local office in Manchester.

To assist with continuous transformation of data into insights and the development/implementation of advance analytics models to be integrated in the Supply Chain Control Tower as part of COLT Phase II
To develop Machine Learning models to predict, classify, cluster, optimize, prescribe, etc. to be integrated into productionize systems and MVPs to provide useful insights to the end users
To identify new sources of data, work closely with Data Analysts and Data Engineers on the cleaning and preparation of the raw data to be used in enterprise tools and provide useful insights.
To work closely with IT, Digital Brambles teams and 3 rd party companies to ensure the delivery of Supply Chain Control Tower use cases in regards of advanced analytics models and insights coming from data.

What you will be doing:

To assist with continuous transformation of data into insights and the development/implementation of advance analytics models that will be integrated in the Supply Chain Control Tower.
To evaluate how to use data to extract key trends, predict key indicators and identify business opportunities/risks. Merge this information with CHEP specific business knowledge and develop actionable business insights in line with Supply Chain Control Tower use cases
Work on data science projects from end to end - responsible for the design, development and execution
Perform exploratory data analysis and work closely with Data Analysts and Data Engineers on the cleaning and preparation of data to be used in enterprise tools and provide useful insights to the business. Learn about current data available and propose new data sources to current situation.
Devise testing and execute proof of concept models in line with the SOF “Test, Learn, Pivot or Build”.
Work in an agile and iterative way
To work closely with IT and Digital Brambles teams to ensure the delivery of Supply Chain Control Tower use cases in regards of advanced analytics models and insights coming from data.
Work closely with all internal stakeholders
Ensure best practices implementation to improve service to business stakeholders • Present ideas, results etc. in a clear manner to stakeholders

What you will bring:

Several years of experience in a Data Science role or managing / analyzing large Data sets in a complex, multinational environment
Proven experience with SQL and databases
Proficiency in programing languages required: Python or R
Any other skills with AWS (or other cloud like Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud), Databricks, Apache Spark, is a plus
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms
Knowledge of implementing Data Science or Machine Learning algorithms.
Great communication and influencing skills, with the ability to utilize data to justify business decisions.
Excellent written and spoken communication skills. Languages Essential Desirable
Visualization tools: Power BI or Tableau
Proved experience with Project Management (manage priorities, standardization, automation, troubleshooting and long-term planning)

Qualifications

Degree in relevant field
Desirable AWS certification like AWS Certified Data Analytics - Specialty or similar

What we offer:

Excellent Compensation & Bonus
Work Life Balance (flexible working hours, hybrid working model)
Challenging work making an international impact
Opportunity to take part in the Brambles Share Program
Further Health & Retirement Insurance Benefits depending on location
Various Health & Wellbeing Events and Programs
3 Working Days per annum to use for Social Projects

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are committed to developing a diverse workforce in which everyone is treated fairly, with respect, and has the opportunity to contribute to business success while realizing his or her potential. This means harnessing the unique skills and experience that each individual brings and we do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state, or local protected class.

Individuals fraudulently misrepresenting themselves as Brambles or CHEP representatives have scheduled interviews and offered fraudulent employment opportunities with the intent to commit identity theft or solicit money. Brambles and CHEP never conduct interviews via online chat or request money as a term of employment. If you have a question as to the legitimacy of an interview or job offer, please contact us at recruitment@brambles.com.