As Data Scientist, Data-Driven Marketing, you will uncover consumer behaviors through advanced analytics and modeling, discovering the audiences most relevant to our brands and categories, and creating models and algorithms that are actioned within marketing campaigns and programs.

What are we looking for?
Bachelor’s degree in Analytics or related quantitative fields (statistics, mathematics, econometrics etc.). Advanced degree will be preferred.
2+ years experience in applied data science role or equivalent; ideally in CPG/Retail
2+ years of hands-on designing, building and testing machine learning models, preferably in a marketing context
Experience in applying audience-based advanced analytics for consumer engagement across paid digital channels
Knowledge and experience in modeling techniques and advanced applied skills (e.g. logistic regression, multivariate regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text analysis, etc.) as well as with Python, SQL, and with experience using Databricks, Snowflake, Azure or other big data technologies
Experience with media measurement and ROI optimization a plus
Experience with CDP, DMP, CRM, EMS platforms a plus
What will be your key responsibilities?
Collaborate with marketing functions to activate data on specific campaigns, focused on consumer behavior models and attribute patterns, discovering engagement opportunities within and across audience groups.
Develop and deploy models on Mars Wrigley’s consumer data platform (CDP) for reuse by content and activation teams. Building up the robustness of the platform with audience and segmentation logic is a key responsibility for this role.
Leverage statistical modeling, machine learning, and other data mining techniques to develop audience segments that can be used for marketing activations, as well as insights into product and content strategy, quantifying segment value (LTV) and opportunities (CAC).
Develop lookalike audiences based on segmentation modeling of 1P data, understanding the limitations and capabilities across key digital channels, including walled gardens.
What can you expect from Mars?
Work with over 130,000 like-minded and talented Associates, all guided by The Five Principles.
Join a purpose driven company, where we’re striving to build the world we want tomorrow, today.
Best-in-class learning and development support from day one, including access to our in-house Mars University.
An industry competitive salary and benefits package, including company bonus.