1 day a week in Milton Keynes office (travel allowance)

The Apprentice Data Analyst role sits with the Consulting & Technology - Technology Solutions team, helping us with development and enhancement of our own internal SaaS products, external bespoke software applications and our Intelligent Automation solutions. Reporting to a Lead Analyst, the role will involve working with the product team and other members of the broader team (including our testers and delivery managers) to ensure we deliver innovative, high-quality products to our clients that are in line with architecture and security best practices.

A typical day
Access, cleanse and utilitise data for internal and external customers
Assist with data visualisation, dashboarding and analysis
Ensure we leverage the value of our data through data warehousing and automation
Manage relational databases to manipulate data
Understand and leverage the benefits of no-SQL databases
Ensure product quality with strong attention to detail and testing discipline
Work in an Agile environment to deliver regular, high quality releases to delight our clients
Work with the latest tools and technologies
Engage with the product / delivery team to ensure development output matches the expectations of the product owners and ultimately our clients.
You must have
GCSE English & Maths 4-9 (C-A*) or equivalent
Skills Needed
Problem solving
Communication
Initiative
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build relationships with internal colleagues and external clients and talk confidently in a group situation.
Comfortable with employing a methodical approach to problem solving and task completion.
Well organised with good time management, with the ability to work both independently and part of a team.
Passion for gadgets/technology (a bit of a geek!).
A strong team player with good communication skills.
Training provided

Advanced Data Fellowship - Whole Programme Level 6

Being a Multiverse apprentice means access to awesome social events, sports teams, insight/career days with other apprentices to grow your network, as well as your own personal coach who will guide you through the qualification and help you achieve your full potential.

As part of your Multiverse apprenticeship, you will have access to our Future Leaders Foundation modules to help you develop the 6 key competencies: well-being, self-awareness, motivation, conscientiousness, effectiveness and grit.

Future prospect

You will complete this programme with a BSc (Hons) Digital and Technology Solutions (Data Analytics)

Perks And Benefits
Mentor scheme
Multiverse Community Hub
Multiverse community
Pension
Travel included
Volunteering
Duration

42 Months