PURPOSE

Working alongside and supporting the England Men’s Red ball, White ball, Pathway and Disability performance analysts the purpose of this role is to provide world leading data insights over the upcoming winter season (October 2022-April 2023).

This role is extremely exciting and challenging, varying from providing data capture support during milestone events to data mining (and visualising) large data sets to find impactful performance and team selection insights. There is a possibility the contract will run for more than 6 months; this will be decided early 2023.


WHO WE ARE

The England and Wales Cricket Board is the national governing body for all cricket in England and Wales, supporting the game at every level – from grassroots to professional.

We believe cricket is a force for good that can have an enduring impact on everyone’s lives and we have an ambitious strategy to inspire a generation to say ‘cricket is a game for me’. It provides great entertainment. It teaches important skills, both physical and social. It can help inclusion and social cohesion, bringing communities together.

The ECB welcomes applications from all backgrounds to ensure we deliver our Inspiring Generations strategy and fulfil our purpose to connect communities and improve lives through cricket.

OUR VALUES

Stronger As One Team – We are stronger together. We allow for individual strengths and beliefs but head in the same direction. We respect, support and really listen to each other along the way.

Push New Boundaries – We are bold, brave and curious. We challenge and don’t settle. We forge the future whilst remembering our roots.

Be The Best In The Game – On & Off The Pitch – We train hard. We strive to be our best to help the team be the best. We celebrate our victories and learn from our let downs.

Passion For Play – We are here to inspire & be inspired. We are serious about what we do, but don’t take ourselves seriously. We enjoy the journey and have fun.

YOU’LL LOVE THIS JOB IF

You have an inquisitive and innovative mind that is always looking for improvement
You have a passion for high performance and cricket
You want to be part of a world-leading and fun data insights team
You love collecting, analysing and sharing data that impacts performance and changes behaviours

YOU’LL BE DOING

Data science support to the ECB Performance Analysis (PA) team to ensure all data is optimally stored, mined, visualised and shared.
Identify and implement targeted novel approaches to using advanced analytics/statistical processes across the PA and insights department, providing enhanced insights to assist in performance decision-making and objective/unbiassed player selection (EDI)
Provide data capture support in targeted competitions and series (with possible domestic and international travel)

PROPOSED SCHEDULE OF WORK (October 2022 – March 2023)

As part of a wider team, support in the preparation of video and data reports for the 2022 Men’s T20 world cup
Support the lead red-ball analyst in the creation and implementation of real-time data processes
Provide support in the development data infrastructure for the spin ball project
Where required provide real-time data capture support during targeted competitions, tours and series
Assist in the creation and implementation of an AI led in-game white-ball decision making system

YOU’LL HAVE

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Expert-level analytics skills and experience in techniques such as: statistical modelling, predictive analyses, etc
Strong programming and data visualisation skills (SQL, R, Python, Tableau, Power BI, etc)
Demonstrated ability to take raw data and turn it into actionable insights and work plans aligned to performance outcomes
Relevant MSc/PhD degree (e.g. performance analysis, computer science, mathematics, etc) or equivalent qualification
Demonstrated comfort-level with ambiguity and working with large streams of data across different formats and entry points
NON-TECHNICAL SKILLS
Collaborate effectively on team projects and work autonomously on individual work as appropriate
Focused, pro-active and embraces responsibility across multiple workstreams
Ability to communicate findings to relevant stakeholders

YOU’LL RECEIVE
Competitive day rate (general perks & benefits may not be applicable for consultant roles)


Please note, the interviews are expected to be held on Monday 3rd October.