Data Scientist Lead - Cambridgeshire - £55-65k

My client are a global leaders within their industry. Founded over 70 years ago, they have grown into a large, worldwide organisation. With a strong focus on research and development, and a culture of continuous improvement they thrive because of the contributions each person brings to the organisation.

My client are looking for a confident person, to be the champion advocate for the AI/ML data driven practises, to find and drive opportunities from conception to delivery of business value.

The Role

This role is varied, please find below some of the main responsibilities we are looking for:

Discover deeper insights
Make predictions
Provide recommendations
Using data to drive business decisions and understand behaviour is a key strategic focus.
Drive new insights and causality in our data to transform the clock-speed
Translate technical content to stakeholders

Main Skill-Set

We are looking for a good mix of the below skills, (not necessarily all of the below):

R / Python
SQL
Data factory
Data bricks
Scrum
Data Visualisation

Must Haves

BSc or MSc - data science, computer science, computer engineering, statistics, mathematics or equivalent quantitative studies
3 years working in a Data Science environment

Culture & Values

Responsibility
Innovation
Accountability
Flexible
Family Orientated
Technology Driven

Benefits Package

Base Salary - £53,000 - £63,000
Up to 10% bonus
Pension scheme (3-7% matched)
50% discount on Bupa Healthcare
Onsite Parking
Plus much more…

Other

Working Location - Duxford - For the time being they are working fully remote, given current circumstances. When it is safe, they will go back to 3 days a week in the office. his includes having flexi time.
Interview Process - 2 stages
Reporting Into - Director

This is the brief description of the role, for the full information, simply apply to the role and I will call you to discuss. This is an exclusive client to Nigel Frank International.

My client is looking to begin the interview process ASAP, so don't miss out, APPLY now! Submit your CV or contact David Airey on 0191 338 7508 or at d.airey@nigelfrank.com.

Nigel Frank International are the go-to recruiter for Power BI and Azure Data Platform roles in the UK offering more opportunities across the country than any other recruitment agency. We're the proud sponsor and supporter of SQLBits, Power Platform World Tour, the London Power BI User Group, Newcastle Power BI User Group and Newcastle Data Platform and Cloud User Group. We are the global leaders in Microsoft recruitment.