⚡ Role: Senior Data Scientist
💼 Industry: GreenTech | Automated Emissions Software Start-Up
🌎 Location: Hybrid London UK
💰 Salary: £75-85k + Equity MATCH

This is an amazing opportunity for a Senior Data Scientist who wants to help disrupt the emissions sector! This company builds software to automate the carbon foot-printing of companies in the most polluting industries, gives them the data, and ignites actionable change. They are doing instrumental work in the transition to the low-carbon economy - now is the time to get involved, grow with the team, and take part in reducing climate impact to help transform our World’s future!

Responsibilities:
Expand the product into more complex domains (currently in metals/minerals/oil & gas, expand into agriculture and manufactured products).
Build datasets, models, and pipelines.
Collaborate with the team - data engineers, data analysts, software engineers, product designers.

Requirements:
2+ years commercial Data Science experience.
Demonstrated interest in building products with business impact.
Experience with Python, data visualisation, object-oriented code, SQL, Machine Learning.
Excited to work in an exciting early stage start-up.
Passion for sustainability is of course a plus!
Right to work in the UK.

Why Apply?
A healthy equity package to match your base salary.
Hybrid working - only come into their London office 2-3 days a week, and flexible working hours.
£1000 annual Learning and Development budget.
Team lunch every Wednesday, company retreats, coffee and snacks in the office.
Company culture of trust, freedom, and recognition with great work/life balance.

📧 Sounds like you? Please click on the ‘Easy Apply’ button. You can also send your resume directly to tito.ayantunde@storm4.com or message me directly!

⚡ Storm4 is a specialist GreenTech recruitment firm with clients across Europe, APAC and North America. To discuss open opportunities or career options, please visit our website at www.storm4.com and follow the Storm4 LinkedIn page for the latest jobs and intel.

If you have any extra requirements to support your application, then please just add a note along with your resume to let us know.