DWP. Digital with Purpose.


We are looking for Data Scientists and Junior Data Scientists to join our community of experts in DWP Digital.

Do you want the opportunity to apply data science on a massive scale to issues which affect millions of people?

Do you want the opportunity to develop your data science skills in a cutting-edge environment?

Can you use a variety of data handling tools to harness the power of data (or do you want to learn how)?

Our DWP Digital teams are transforming how government works, using the latest tech and tooling and harnessing the power of data, to make our products and services simpler and more accessible for the people that need them.

You'll be joining a brilliant community of purpose-driven Data professionals. Whatever stage you're at in your career journey, we'll invest in your skills and your well-being to make sure you're the best Data Scientist you can be.


Data. Work. Projects.

As a Data Scientist, you'll work closely with multi-disciplinary development teams to design and deliver new features, initially working with our Integrated Risk and Intelligence Service.

You'll own specific data science 'projects' which will include identifying a specific business need, data gathering, requirements specification, determining the best tools, data and techniques to address it, executing analysis and ongoing deliverables and presentations
You'll engage users and stakeholders to come up with potential solutions for underlying business problems and inefficiencies
You'll Prototype and/or iterate existing solutions
You'll share key findings with a range of technical and non-technical stakeholders, utilising interactive visualisation techniques effectively
What skills, knowledge and experience will you need?

Academic background in Maths, Statistics, Computer Science OR similar Data Science-related experience and aptitude
Experience of SQL and Python (or similar query-based or high-level programming experience) to an intermediate level
Practical experience of delivering innovative data-driven solutions on large or complex datasets; including gathering and manipulating disparate data, applying analytical techniques and visualising results
Good experience of a range of core data science techniques (g. classification, text similarity and clustering) and associated limitations
Strong stakeholder management skills and experience working with a range of colleagues to deliver results

Details. Wages. Perks.

You'll join us in one of our brilliant digital hubs Blackpool, Leeds, London, Newcastle or Sheffield
We also have all the tools and tech we need to enable our people to work flexibly. We work a hybrid model, with around 60% home working.
We pay up to £55,901 for the Data Scientist posts and up to £44,021 for the Junior Data Scientist posts
You'll be eligible for a brilliant civil service pension with employer contributions worth over 27% of salary.
You'll get a generous leave package, rising to 31 days over time, plus all the usual bank holidays, and the option to take extra days off on flexi leave.
We also have a broad benefits package built around your work-life balance which includes:
Flexible working, flexi hours and flexi days
Hybrid working: some time in a hub with the team, some time at home
Family-friendly policies
Time off for volunteering and charitable giving
Bring your authentic self to work with 'I Can Be Me in DWP'
Discounts and savings on shopping, fun days out and more
Interest-free loans to buy a bike or a season ticket, so it's even easier for you to get to work and start making a difference
Sports and social activities
Working in an award-winning environment and culture
Professional development, coaching, mentoring and career progression opportunities.

CLICK APPLY for more information and to start your application.