Mars Wrigley Inc. is looking to continue to accelerate its data and analytics journey across the demand spectrum. The One Demand Data & Analytics team is a very entrepreneurial and new division set up to drive innovation and positive disruption within Mars Wrigley leveraging machine learning and AI. The Data scientist profile is a key role needed for our continued journey and success. This is a cross market global role and you will be working on the most challenging problems across the Digital Commerce and Omnichannel space.

What are we looking for?
You will manage the data science practices for business problems across demand analytics – media mix modelling, forecasting, omnichannel analytics, cross-channel spend optimization, search engine optimization etc.
For such models, you will be responsible for the full Data Science lifecycle from conception to prototyping, testing, developing, deploying, maintaining model health, and measuring the overall business value of the models.
Knowledge of, and experience using key external third-party data sources including Nielsen/ IRI/ Store views, Kantar, Homescan Panel, Retail Execution, Shopper card, first party data, and consumer surveys.
Able to establish strong working relationship at all organizational levels across different functional teams. Hire, develop and lead a team of data scientists and analyst. Partner with Business translators, Data Engineers, and platform teams to build next gen transformative capabilities.
7 to 10+ years professional experience in data science work; Retail, CPG experience preferred.
What will be your key responsibilities?

This role is responsible for evangelizing the adoption of data driven decisions across Mars by leading the development of advanced analytics methods, mining vast amounts of data from data lake (internal/ external data) to provide actionable insights for solving business problems or finding opportunities for profitable growth & efficiency.
Develop custom data models and algorithms (predictive, explanatory, A/B testing). Fully understand when it is appropriate to use the different techniques based on business need and data available.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
Deliver keeping an optimal balance of time to deliver and level of detail/accuracy given data availability and/or imperfections
Ability to lead complex analytical exercises/projects delivering actionable insights and work closely with the product owners to embed the capability within business routines.
Provide expertise on statistical and mathematical concepts and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the organization.
Leverage tech platforms like data robot to increase efficiency and productivity throughout the entire organization and act as a subject matter expert for information platforms and analytical/technical tools.
Lead and govern strategic partners in our eco-system, on all data science capabilities.
What can you expect from Mars?
Work with over 130,000 diverse and talented Associates, all guided by The Five Principles.
Join a purpose driven company, where we’re striving to build the world we want tomorrow, today.
Best-in-class learning and development support from day one, including access to our in-house Mars University.
An industry competitive salary and benefits package, including company bonus.