Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.

We believe in better. And we make it happen.

Better content. Better products. And better careers.

Working in Tech, Product or Data at Sky is about building the next and the new.

From broadband to broadcast, streaming to mobile, SkyQ to Sky Glass, we never stand still. We optimise and innovate.

We turn big ideas into the products, content and services millions of people love.

And we do it all right here at Sky.

The Network Data Science & Software team, part of Sky’s Engineering Division, takes a data-driven approach towards meeting network planning goals, including capacity planning, performance planning and network economics. We develop insights which reinforce planning decisions or support wider commercial objectives.

Sky’s hybrid working policy means work location is split between remote and on-site.

What you’ll do:

Network Technology

Explore, evaluate, and capitalise on risks and opportunities related to Internet Service Provider infrastructure technologies.
Actively participate in the development of engineering roadmaps bringing together network technology evolution, network economics, network performance, and business and customer KPIs.

Network Modelling

Translate into code (software models) infrastructure designs and capacity management process improving your expertise in networks and your understanding of business challenges.
Develop software-based network traffic forecasts, capacity, and cost models.

Software Development

Develop automation scripts to enable systems integration and process improvement.
Develop software systems and tools using industry standard frameworks to achieve network analytics and modelling objectives.

Network Analytics

Develop and support the ingestion, processing, and analysis of data (pipelines) for modelling, reporting, visualisation, and business intelligence purposes.
Carry on analysis answering key business questions by applying an analytical mind-set. Quickly and efficiently process information from multiple sources. Work with collaborators to interpret complex technical analysis and communicate them effectively.

What you’ll bring:

Essential

Solid grasp of telecommunication networks. Genuine curiosity about Broadband (ISP) technology including IP networks. Keep on top of technology developments in the industry.
Telecom industry experience (or similar, e.g. academia). BSc / MSc in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or similar.
Strong programming skills (ideally in Python). SQL knowledge.
Strong analytical skills and a consultative, proactive, and join-the-dots approach.

Desirable

A PhD/MSc in networks, computer science or similar.
Knowledge of web frameworks and APIs, Cloud environments (Google Cloud and/or Amazon AWS), DevOps (Docker/Kubernetes, CI/CD) and Agile principles
Knowledge of data analytics, modelling, and statistical analysis.
Experience in systems development.

Team Overview:

Group Communications and Infrastructure

Looking to be part of non-stop innovation? Join our Group Communications and Infrastructure team and you’ll work alongside experts in broadband, telephony, mobile, cloud and infrastructure. We’re the team that designs, builds, supports, and maintains the telecoms networks across the whole Sky Group. Together, we help Sky broadband, mobile and TV enter new markets by creating a single and secure infrastructure for the outstanding content and services that keep our customers coming back for more.

We bring the best from the global market into Sky – we buy technology, marketing, corporate, operational services and editorial production solutions. We are an international team working with our stakeholders our partners to curate the most effective and efficient customer-led operating model. High ethical standards are embedded in our team, and we engage our supply chains in creating a sustainable future!

The Rewards:

There’s a reason people can’t stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:

Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
The magic of Sky Glass at an exclusive rate
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
A wide range of Sky VIP rewards and experiences

How You’ll Work – Hybrid Working

The world has changed. And so have we. We’ve embraced hybrid working and split our time between outstanding office spaces and the convenience of working from home.

You’ll find out more about what hybrid working looks like for your role later on in the recruitment process.

Where you’ll work:

Brick Lane:

Our Brick Lane office is in the heart of the East End of London. It’s part of a vibrant and varied community; close to street food, cafes, and shops. The closest tube station is Aldgate East and Liverpool Street is about a 10-minute walk.

If you prefer to cycle, we have a cycle shelter and showers to accommodate your commute.

Inclusion:

Recognised as an ‘Inclusive Top 50 Employer’ and a ‘Times Top 50 Employer for Women’, we’re working hard to ensure we’re a truly inclusive place to work. This means we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and the potential you’ll bring to Sky. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we’re happy to discuss flexible working!

And we’ll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

We'd love to hear from you!

Inventive, forward-thinking minds come together to work in Tech, Product and Data at Sky. It’s a place where you can explore what if, how far, and what next.

But better doesn’t stop at what we do, it’s how we do it, too. We embrace each other’s differences. We support our community and contribute to a sustainable future for our business and the planet.

If you believe in better, we’ll back you all the way.

Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.

Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.