About Intent HQ

Our mission is to help organisations have more genuine relationships with their customers by using data and machine learning to understand them on a human level and enable marketing personalisation at scale. We're a well-funded scale-up business, having raised £30m from several notable PE investors. We've had an initial focus in the telecommunications sector, landing some of the world's leading telecoms brands including Verizon and O2.

Our clients typically have tens of millions of customers and billions of interaction events each day. We have developed our platform to handle data at this enormous scale efficiently. Intent HQ is unique because we've focused on understanding customer interaction data. We do the hard-specialised work leaving our clients free to focus on integrating the insight into their business, with one Client seeing an additional £26m annual revenue as a result of using our products and services.

Intent HQ is an exciting place to work, we are very proud to have made our debut on the FT1000 Fastest Growing Companies in Europe for 2022! We have a talented team of circa 100 -people (and growing!), with entities in London, Barcelona, Lisbon and New York and collectively speak over 15 languages!

The Opportunity:

As a Senior Data Scientist at Intent HQ, your main goal is to maximise business impact in a privacy-safe way. You will help answer questions like:
How can we better understand customer behaviours from our data sources?
Can we create powerful predictive customer embeddings from sensitive customer data in a privacy-safe way?
What are the trade-offs when choosing between optimising for marketing goals and customer experience? How do we create richer behavioural insights that help us choose between them?
How do we leverage customer response data to continuously adapt and improve our models?

We aim to discover the most effective machine learning approaches to solve every problem we tackle and are looking for a Data Scientist who can research, apply and evaluate different techniques.

We’re looking for an experienced Senior Data Scientist with attention to detail, natural curiosity, and ability to problem-solve creatively. You’ll work with other data scientists, our product teams and our data engineers to shape innovative new products, deploy new ML models into production, and deliver amazing new capabilities to our customers.

As a senior member of our team you’ll grow and inspire our product roadmap and you’ll guide and deliver against an innovation roadmap you’ve helped to create. We are a collaborative team and you’ll mentor junior members by supporting QA of their projects.

Key Responsibilities
4+ years experience as a Data Scientist delivering data science and insight on large-scale data sets.
Production-level coding proficiency using Python including feature engineering and model development and evaluation
Solid theoretical knowledge of ML with differential privacy, unsupervised learning and modern NLP techniques such as transfer learning and word embeddings essential.
Comfortable working with business stakeholders to translate business goals into data science capabilities and evaluation metrics
Continuous delivery of robust data science capabilities into production using Agile frameworks (e.g. git, error handling, model monitoring)
Experience with Big Data and Distributed Compute to analyse, explore and exploit very large datasets (Pyspark or Scala)

Diversity & Inclusion

Intent HQ is an equal opportunities employer with an ethos of commitment to promoting and practicing diversity, equality and inclusion at work. At IHQ, different perspectives, ideas and experiences are valued and respected, with fair and equal opportunities provided for all. Our diversity and inclusion efforts have been recognised with us being shortlisted as a finalist for a Women in Tech UK Award, under the Best Tech Employer (51-149 Employees)’ category, an achievement we are very proud of.

Our Culture

Working for Intent HQ, you have the opportunity to work with cutting edge technology in an environment where you are encouraged to think and act outside traditional methods. We are a growing business with a flat structure meaning everyone is visible and able to make an impact, not just in their own role, but across the business on a daily basis. We promote a collaborative, innovative and sociable culture, oriented towards performance and competitive advantage. Our DNA is made up of flexibility to all staff with a family friendly approach and focus on personal development. We have high expectations and pride ourselves on our cultural standards.

Benefits
Flexible working
Free breakfast daily (when in the office)
26 days holiday (increasing with service)
Pension scheme
Income Protection with Employee Assistance Programme
Life Assurance
Higher than statutory maternity/paternity benefits
Work socials
Wellbeing programme
Cycle to work scheme
Training opportunities