We all know that a company’s ultimate goal is to increase their revenue, raise sales, and optimize costs. What better way to do this than through data?

In our commercial organisation we want to invest in the power of data and that is why we have created our Pricing and Analytics dream team composed by: data scientist, data analysts, data engineers, project managers, business analysts, digital analysts… and a long list of highly skilled professionals that work together bringing insights from data to help the organisation thrive faster and better.

Do you want to have a direct impact on our company’s growth and revenue? Don’t miss this opportunity to join our global, diverse and dynamic team and shape HP’s future.

In the pricing team you will combine your modelling skills, economic/business thinking, experimentation and optimization methods to build complex pricing algorithms for most popular Printers and PCs in the market.

About You
You have deep interests in customer and market behaviour and methods to measure and anticipate it
You are passionate about unveiling answers to most difficult questions using data and models
You feel accomplished seeing your pricing recommendations being implemented while shopping for yourself
You can’t stop thinking about learning something new every day and enjoy being surrounded by highly talented people
Key Responsibilities
Develop and apply data science and statistical methods and experimentation to analyse the effect of pricing and sales decisions on business performance
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to design and deploy pricing initiatives based upon analytical findings
Present results and recommendations to relevant stakeholders, including senior leadership
Must-haves

Requirements:
Proven track record of experience in data science
Theoretical and applied skills in Machine Learning and Statistics/Econometric
Ability to think creatively and invent original solutions to business and modelling challenges
Proficiency with Python or R
Advanced degree in Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or related disciplines
Bonus Points For
Interest in pricing, economics, and consumer behaviour
Experience in designing, deploying, and analysing in-market experiments and/or AB tests
Experience in deploying ML and data science solutions
Knowledge of price optimization approaches, price discrimination models and a general knowledge of main concepts from the industrial organization literature
Basic understanding of finance and product economics
What We Offer
Opportunity to work in an international organization with colleagues coming from all over the world.
Diverse, continued internal growth and career opportunities. Including HP’s own learning platform and LinkedIn Learning.
Health & Life insurance
HP product discount
Flex optimization program: Kindergarten tickets, public transportation tickets
Pension plan
Work life balance /flexible working hours
Women, Pride, Young employees, Multicultural and DisAbility! Just a few of our fantastic global business networks you can get involved with locally.
About HP

You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.

So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.

HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.

Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.

From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!