Salary Finance is a leading global FinTech platform. We support a community of 4M employees across 575 clients (inc 20% of the FTSE 100) in the UK and US, and provide a suite of financial employee benefits, to help employees improve their financial health and happiness.

Our platform provides salary-linked savings, loans, pay advances, insurance and financial education. We have a team of over 350 brilliant and passionate colleagues in 3 countries and have the backing of great investors (Blenheim Chalcot, Legal & General, Experian, Goldman Sachs, Royal London, Virgin Money) with £100M in equity and £500M in debt funding raised to-date. We have won over 70 awards for our work, including MoneyAge's Consumer Champion of the Year, Prince Charles' BITC Responsible Business of the Year, and the Global Impact Award from Sadiq Khan for our US growth.

We were co-founded by entrepreneurs Asesh Sarkar (CEO), Daniel Shakhani, and former Head of Google UK and Ireland Dan Cobley (Chairman) and are authorised by the FCA.

Your role in our mission

We are looking for an exceptional Data Scientist to take ownership of our credit decision engine infrastructure and model deployment process and elevate this area to its next evolutionary stage. You will support the continuing development and improvement of our Credit Decision Systems capabilities, supercharging our ability to make fast, efficient and controlled credit strategy enhancements and updates in a fast paced environment.

What You'll Do
Develop, test (unit and regression) and deploy our credit risk decision engine models (credit strategy, scorecards and policy rules included)
Maintain release and change documentation as well as version control for credit decision model changes
Ensure new inputs and outputs of the decision models are made available on the relevant databases for analysis and monitoring
Develop and maintain efficient and scalable cloud-based decisioning infrastructures
Identify credit decisioning automation opportunities and drive their implementation
Work closely with the Credit Risk and Data Science teams to build exception testing monitoring for the implemented strategies
Perform champion/ challenger strategy scenario testing
Work within cross-functional squads to deliver key business initiatives

The Essentials
Commercial experience of working in Data / Decision Science / Decision Systems / Computer Science.
Studied a STEM field subject or relevant research work in an academic environment
You are a proficient user of R (the decision models are written in R) and SQL (our data is queried using SQL)
You have an interest in credit decisioning and a good understanding of its importance to a business
You are exceptionally diligent
You have a high tolerance for ambiguity and frequently changing priorities and a genuine can-do attitude with the ability to self-drive projects to completion

The "good to haves" but not essential
You have a bachelor's or postgraduate degree in a STEM subject
You have hands-on experience developing and implementing credit strategy changes
Experience of working within the Financial Services / FinTech sector or a relevant research area in an academic environment (computer science, software engineering, data science etc.)
You have hands-on experience with version control tools (e.g. Git)
You have experience in building/ developing decision models and decision engine infrastructure
You have previously worked with cloud based platforms (e.g. AWS / GCP)
You have basic understanding of powershell / bash and deployment automation tools (Docker)

What's in it for you?
Company bonus scheme
25 days holiday with an extra day off on your birthday
Hybrid working arrangements so you can work from the office and from home with a budget to help you get set up
Generous company benefits to include pension and life assurance and an annual allowance to spend on medical insurance, health cash plan, denplan, gym memberships
Enhanced policies that are family and pet friendly, to include company sick pay and Peternity leave
Annual personal learning budget
Great career development in a fast paced environment
Regular company socials (post covid, although we've got quite good at virtual ones too!)
Volunteer days as part of our CSR program
Being part of a collaborative and entrepreneurial team working in our brand new, purpose-built offices at Scale Space, White City
Being part of a community of Blenheim Chalcot-backed fintech growth businesses including ClearScore, Liberis, Kodoo and Modulr, with opportunities to share and learn together
More great perks to include complimentary fresh fruit weekly, cycle to work, help to save and much more!

Who You Are

We embrace our differences but there's one thing we like to share our values, so it's important to us you are:
Fearless, and able to make the impossible possible.
Responsible, and want to help build a business that delivers a meaningful difference to society.
Dedicated and want to commit to an exciting journey even through the highs and lows.
Empathetic and truly care about every colleague and customer.
United, because you understand we achieve more when we work as a team.
Humble, and take feedback as a way to continuously improve.

We're looking for people that will get stuck in and make a difference. We have a great collaborative, entrepreneurial team and are passionate about what we do. If you want to join a team that is changing people's lives for the better then we'd love to hear from you.

Learn more at salaryfinance.com

Salary Finance is proud to be an equal opportunities employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive work environment where all employees and applicants can flourish.