Data Scientist - Reporting and Analytics

Healthcare is under supplied, globally. Of the subset of good clinical things that providers, payers, and patients should do to keep people healthy, they can only afford a smaller subset. Current Health, a Best Buy Health company, is poised to help substantially decrease the marginal cost of delivered care and ensure every human has the ability to lead a healthier and longer life by predicting disease onset and delivering treatment earlier by bringing healthcare into the home.

By bringing healthcare into the home we believe that we can build a deeper understanding of illness that will allow us to identify and predict its onset and progression. As healthcare organizations rise to meet this task, we want to be their partner, providing a window into patient health at home and enabling them to manage all aspects of in-home care from the Current Health platform.

Why now?

Enabling virtual care has been one of the few positive externalities from the pandemic. The recent acquisition of Current Health by Best Buy Health enables us to more rapidly expand our mission of making the home a primary site of care with key technology partnerships, world-class fulfilment and logistics, and data.

What is our purpose for expanding our team?

The applied data sciences organization within Current Health brings together experts in artificial intelligence, biomedical engineering, electronics and software engineering, product design and clinical operations. We use cutting edge signal processing, systems analysis, and machine learning to provide best-in-class virtual care. We use experimental design, credible measurement (and measurement done credibly), and econometric and clinical risk modeling to identify and predict disease onset and progression. We are expanding our team to enable us to go deeper on data and algorithms to drive clinical impact, med cost savings, and revenue for our clients.

The following goals underpin our expansion:
Go deep on data and algorithms as we scale by expanding our fundamental set of data science “public works”.
Employ data science to help drive client growth, patient engagement, clinical impact, and credible value propositions.
Enable rapid, large scale, data-driven decision making across the organization w/ robust A/B testing

As a “Data Scientist: Clinical and Financial Reporting” you have the opportunity to:
Work with like-minded experts in artificial intelligence, biomedical engineering, electronics and software engineering, product design and clinical operations to deliver the most impactful virtual care platform across the globe.
Help us understand our impact by working with internal teams and external clients to develop rich, interactive graphics and visualizations using longitudinal multi-modal clinical, IoT, and operational data.
Work with the data scientists to provide strategic insights to drive growth and performance by helping to design, develop and establish KPIs.
Build, enhance, and maintain internal and external dashboards that help our clients understand the degree to which we’re driving value and clinical impact.
As an analytics engineer, you know how to translate complex questions into standardized and reproducible data manipulations/transformations.

Work closely with Product and Engineering teams to integrate Product changes with our data model, and write tests to ensure old and new incoming data integrity.

Requirements
BSc and 4+ years hands-on experience in analyzing messy real world data; or MS and 2+ years.
Strong proficiency SQL: excellent knowledge and experience in joining, aggregating, grouping, and transforming data.
Strong proficiency with BI tools such as Amazon QuickSight, PowerBI, or Tableau.
Proficient in working across a cloud-based stack: AWS Athena, S3, Redshift, Databricks,
Proficiency in Python.
Proficiency in git and Github. Experience enabling version control, visibility, and collaboration for data transformation work.
Credible measurement, experimental design experience, and comfort with statistical regression analysis.
Experience with developing and evaluating machine learning/AI approaches for tabular and time series data.

Key behaviours:
Familiarity with healthcare and IoT data.
Keen attention to data quality and data quality tests.
Curiosity about data and running basic statistical tests to make inferences about the root causes of business problems (i.e. chi-square, ANOVA, ACOVA, or regression).
Clear communication of quantitative concepts to varying stakeholders.

Benefits
Spec your own environment
Competitive bonus scheme
Salary Exchange Pension scheme (5% employee, 3% employer contribution)
Private Medical Insurance through Vitality
2 x Life Assurance cover
Critical Illness cover
Employee Assistance Program
£10 pcm flex pot to use toward benefits in our Benni benefits portal
On call allowance (Only payable if and for so long as you provide on call services)
Flexible, autonomous working environment
Bike to work scheme
Give as you earn through payroll