Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence, UK - Hertfordshire - Stevenage, UK - Hertfordshire - Ware, UK - London - Brentford

Posted Date: Aug 17 2022

Over the last 18 months, we’ve seen how critical the healthcare industry is to society. If you would love to be part of making difference, then consider joining us and applying for our Data Science Engineer I opportunity.

You would be supporting new GSK’s purpose of uniting science, talent, and technology to get ahead of disease together. Our purpose is to develop tools, models, and processes to enable scientists to create preventative products such as vaccines or discover ways to treat illnesses such as therapeutics. We also support the equally important development of robust and efficient manufacturing of such products. Examples of specific areas of interest include delivering end-to-end biomarker data pipelines; delivering integrated data analytics environments to aid scientists in target identification or models that drive more efficient cell line development. We are a team with an ambition to be at the cutting edge of the pharmaceutical industry data science and engineering. So, as an R&D department with a passion for using data to solve problems and improve patient care, why wouldn’t you consider working for us?

Our organization is built on the principles of ownership, accountability, continuous development, and collaboration. Our leaders are committed to your career and development from day one. You will be working in a stimulating and supportive environment as part of a dynamic, growing community. You will have access to our Learning & Development resources, comprising a blend of on-the-job learning with targeted coaching, peer-to-peer mentoring, expert-led workshops, and a network of learning providers.

The Team?

The Data Science and Visualization team (DSV) is an experienced team of data scientists and software engineers that focuses on the creation and deployment of leading-edge, reusable data science microservices and products. This might be the creation of genetic and genomic data science products, changing the decision cycle time for our biopharmaceutics or accelerating assets in clinical trials through smart site selection and forecasting. The ease of use and interpretation in the hands of the scientist is very important to us, hence the emphasis upon not just the data science but the visualization.

The Role?

The Data Science Engineer I is a hands-on position where you will be empowered to be creative, ambitious and bold. Competitive candidates will have experience in developing data science products and microservices. The data science engineer will have experience in delivering rapid insights to the scientists that need them by deploying efficient and maintainable innovative solutions, particularly in the biomedical domain. Outstanding candidates will have had some experience in shipping production-level code.

As a Data Science Engineer I, You Will
Be given a well-defined business objective to implement a high-performing product. This will mean taking a scoped model or concept in a domain, perform exploratory analysis on the relevant data and apply machine learning to build, test, and validate predictive models.
Evaluate and explore the data for the intended task and design models that perform to requirements and specifications.
Ship ML models and understand how a model’s requirements or the available data might change over time and, with guidance, be able to design a product that will be able to cope with these requirements.
Thoroughly test code and seek feedback to ensure high quality and criteria acceptance.
Engage in code reviews to improve their engineering and programming practice.
Proactively communicate problems and seek clarity where necessary.
Compare results from various methodologies and suggest improvements but also be happy to reach out to peers to create better products and continually advance their data science skills.
Interact with, and leverage, senior teammates, project leads, managers, etc. to understand the project goals in accordance with GSK’s wider R&D strategy.
Connect and collaborate with subject matter experts in biology, chemistry, and medicine and offer and solicit advice via peer review to enhance quality, share best practices and embed innovation.
Why you?

Basic Qualifications

We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
MS Degree (Mathematics or Engineering, Data Science/ML, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics, Computational Biology, Computational Chemistry) (or BS with 2+years of experience)
Experience in designing and developing analytical solutions using a variety of commercial and open-source tools (experience using common tools like Python and/or R would be required).
Solid experience using Python
Experience in comparing results from various methodologies then explaining the technical concepts to peers and business collogues.
Experience creating algorithms to extract information from large, multiparametric data sets and developing clean code that is well-documented and well-tested.
Preferred Qualifications

If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Experience in the development of interpretable machine learning to production using a programming language such as Python or R
Experience in manipulating data in a big data environment – experience with hive, SQL, and the like would be helpful
Experience deploying models into production to realize significant value in the biomedical area
#GSKDSDE2022

#GSKDEN2022

Why GSK?

As GSK Focuses On Our Values And Expectations And a Culture Of Innovation, Performance, And Trust, The Successful Candidate Will Demonstrate The Following Capabilities

Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture. These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork.
Operating at pace and agile decision making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigor, and risk.
Committed to delivering high-quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and wellbeing
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost consciousness
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

At GSK, the health and safety of our employees are of paramount importance. As a science-led healthcare company on a mission to get ahead of disease together, we believe that supporting vaccination against COVID-19 is the single best thing we can do in the US to ensure the health and safety of our employees, complementary workers, workplaces, customers, consumers, communities, and the patients we serve.

GSK has made the decision to require all US employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, where allowed by state or local law and where vaccine supply is readily available. The only exceptions to this requirement are employees who are approved for an accommodation for religious, medical or disability-related reasons.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.