In Deals we solve the important problems that stand in the way of value being created, sustained, realised or protected for our clients – working together to aid responsible recovery and growth.

Working on iconic deals with national and global clients, we put together major mergers and acquisitions and resolve business crises - from international take-over bids to financial crime investigations and cases of insolvency.

We draw upon our deals experience across many industries to support and partner with our clients, to positively impact society and the communities in which we operate.

Who are we?

We are the world’s largest and most successful deal analytics and modelling team. Sitting at the heart of PwC’s +$10bn global deals business, we work with the world’s largest investors on their most complex transactions and restructurings.

We Deliver This With

Our purpose is to support the increasingly sophisticated client demand for advanced data-driven insights to underpin their critical investment decisions.

A range of products and services that deliver transformational insights to our clients throughout the deal cycle;
Significant investments in cutting edge technologies and platforms
A world class and truly diverse team with a range of data science, technology, commercial, financial and industry backgrounds

For the right candidate, this is an amazing opportunity to build a career in an environment that fosters a creative and entrepreneurial spirit, with the unrivalled security, personal development, client access and investment that PwC brings.

We offer an exciting, continuous development journey to help you become a market leading deals advisor.

PwC operates in 156 countries around the world with over 295,000 employees and revenues of US$45bn.

What You’ll Be Doing

Your main area of focus will be Investigative Analytics. Supporting forensic investigations, you may be looking for hidden patterns within banks trading systems, looking for potential evidence of market abuse or incidents of rogue trading or searching for evidence of fraud and abuse within a company’s finance system

For Example

As part of this team you will help design and deliver truly game changing analysis and insights to meet a range of business needs.

Using a variety of statistical techniques including machine learning to detect patterns or predict events;
Writing Python / R code to create, tune and validate models;
Optimising code and infrastructure for machine learning performance;
Consulting with clients/stakeholders on business issues, often explaining complex technical concepts to non-technical people;
Creation of novel visualisations and explanations to demonstrate our work;
Researching new products, tools and techniques to assist with advancing our machine learning and data science capability;
Coaching and upskilling within the team in current and new techniques; and
Supporting on business development activities to help identify and research opportunities on new/existing clients.

Most importantly, we need you to become a business partner and strategic advisor to our clients, translating and communicating your analysis to help answer the critical commercial questions.

In summary, we've built an amazing team in which we’re confident you’ll have fun, learn loads, build confidence and have some fantastic experiences (personal and professional).

How will you get us interested?

You will be technically-minded, and driven by solving complex problems, and you get a kick out of explaining how you do it. You’ll be working with some excellent analytical brains, but also varying stakeholders for our clients, and for this reason you will know how to explain the technical details to non-technical people.

You will use your technical skills to understand the fraud landscape of a business, analyse their data and use this to provide clear insights and advice to our clients.

Therefore, What We Can’t Go Without Is

Data transformation and modelling (e.g. pandas and scikit-learn in Python);
Data storage and querying (e.g. SQL);
Understanding of common data quality issues and the impact they have on our work;
Data cleansing and manipulation for machine learning (e.g. feature engineering);
Dimensionality reduction techniques (e.g. principal component analysis);
Hyperparameter optimization approaches for a range of models;
Clustering and/or text mining concepts and techniques;
Experience with financial / general ledger data; and
Knowledge of the current data science software platforms such as Azure ML.

The role requires flexibility to travel throughout the UK.

We’d love to tell you more, so press apply and chat to our recruitment team!

Deals

Our Deals business is an exciting, fast-paced and an ever-growing business that focuses on deals and crisis situations for our clients. Collectively, we deal with the types of situations you hear about regularly in the news and we provide support, insight and analysis to the management, shareholders and financiers of business.

Not the role for you?

Did you know PwC offers flexible career arrangements and contract work? Learn more.

The Skills We Look For

The PwC Professional is our global framework for defining and encouraging leadership at all levels. Learn more.

The Deal

‘The Deal’, our firmwide Employee Value Proposition’ empowers our people to be the best they can be. Learn more.

Our commitment to you

We’re committed to building a culture that empowers all of our people to thrive and feel a sense of belonging at PwC. Learn more.

Application support

If you’re a person with a disability, if you’re neurodivergent, or if you have a condition that you believe may affect your performance during our selection process, we’ll be happy to make reasonable adjustments to our processes for you. Learn more.

Deals