Job Description

In a nutshell

Sainsbury's Bank is in the enviable position of having access to a rich retail dataset, shopping data from millions of Sainsbury's customers. At this level of granularity, the dataset is essentially untapped, and utilising it is a key pillar of our strategy.

You'll join a small team to develop and build new and existing data products to support key areas across the Customer division from commercial pricing optimisation to marketing next best action. You'll also be exploring and analysing the Sainsbury's shopper data to unlock value across several business areas. The projects you work on will lead to the development of critical new systems and approaches, turning your ideas into real life solutions that create a great customer experience.

What You'll Be Doing
Contributing to the team work plan and helping formulate the right questions for exploration.
Mining a large dataset to discover previously unidentified insights and correlations, rigorously documenting these findings.
Building and deploying machine learning models that substantially improve current business operations and marketing performance. You'll b e responsible for the performance of these models in production.
You'll be a subject matter expert on data mining.
Ensuring all documentation is up to date and proportionate to business requirements.
Delivering ad hoc analytical projects and research.
Owning the development of new data systems and processes, ensuring they're utilised effectively within the team, identifying continual areas of improvement.
What You Need To Know And Show
A PhD or MSc in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Data Science or a similarly quantitative field.
Experience of building models, ideally on large and sparse datasets.
A good understanding of, and experience with, a range of statistical learning techniques.
Experience with a range of analytical tools, including Python, SQL or R.
An enquiring and curious mind, backed by scientific rigour. Success in this role will be a result of identifying the right, detailed questions to ask, and fully understanding and documenting the answers, rather than simply following a pre-defined process.
Well-organised and able to prioritise workload in line with tight deadlines, working effectively under pressure
Proven track record of working on your own initiative, with the ability to introduce fresh thinking to the role and the wider team.
Exceptional communication skills. You'll have the ability to communicate effectively with anyone in any environment, translating technical issues.
Experience with Spark and/or AWS services such as Sagemaker, Lambda, EMR and Glue is an advantage.
Our Benefits

In addition to the all-important salary, pension & bonus offering, we totally get that life outside work is important to us all. So, we want to shout out some of our other great benefits...
We offer flexible working to help you achieve a good work/life balance
Opportunity to buy extra holidays is on the table
Discounts on your weekly shop, buying a laptop or sofa? We've got it covered through your Sainsbury's, Argos and Habitat store discount card
Cycle to work scheme
A Little About Us & Our Culture

We're proud of our heritage as the UK's first supermarket bank. As digital technology drives the banking landscape we want to be at the cutting edge of this technology, offering award winning innovative digital banking products to our customers. Technology is where we see our growth therefore we need innovators to join us and drive the next phase of our evolution.

We're a friendly bunch who collectively share a passion to make our customers' financial lives easier. As part of the wider Sainsbury's Group, being one of the UK's most trusted brands, it brings our colleagues a wealth of opportunities to fulfil their potential. Here, you can be part of something bigger and help to create a new approach that puts the customer at the heart of everything we do.

Everyone is welcome at the Sainsbury's Group, and we're proud to be an equal opportunities employer that champions a diverse and inclusive culture that reflects the diversity of the communities we serve.

Work-life balance is important to us, so we offer our colleagues as much flexibility as possible in line with the needs of their role. We trust them to decide how, where and when they work, combining remote and collaborative working with a flexible approach to hours within their working days, giving plenty of time and space for life outside of work whilst delivering against our business goals.

If you're interested in applying and are excited about working with us but are unsure if you have the right skills and experience - we'd still love to hear from you! We'd also be happy to discuss more flexible working options such as job shares and part time working.

As this role involves working within a regulated environment any offer will be subject to satisfactory background checks including criminal record check, credit check, fraud check and employment references.