Science and Technology Facilities Council

Salary: £27,938

Hours: Full time

Contract Type: Open Ended.

Location: Science and Technology Facilities Council, Rutherford Appleton Laboratory Harwell, Oxfordshire

The Remote Sensing Group (RSG) has world-class standing in satellite sounding of atmospheric composition. The Group has developed state-of-the-art schemes to produce multi-year global data sets on atmospheric constituents important to climate and air quality (including ozone, methane, water vapour, volatile organic compounds, aerosol and cloud) in NERC’s National Centre for Earth Observation (NCEO), ESA’s “Climate Change Initiative” and the EU’s Copernicus Climate Change Service.

Current research centres on resolving ozone, methane and carbon monoxide near to Earth’s surface and deriving particulate matter and surface radiation fluxes for applications including climate change research, air quality and solar energy.

The Group collaborates closely with partners in UK universities and the international science community. A near-real time (NRT) processing chain and visualisation tool have been established on the JASMIN super-data-cluster to support operational applications. The Group is also preparing for the next generation of advanced satellite instruments in polar and geostationary orbit.

The Graduate Scheme

The STFC Graduate scheme will give you the opportunity to really pursue your interests and passion early in your journey with us, supported by technical training and a broader programme of career support and training and development.

Our dedicated Graduate Development Team will provide the right combination of challenge and support throughout, helping you achieve your ambitions. We know that professional recognition is also important to you too, so we will provide mentoring and expertise to help you achieve valued qualifications or chartered status in your chosen field.

STFC offers a benefits package crafted to provide an excellent work/life balance including 30 days’ annual leave, an outstanding index linked pension scheme, 10.5 public and privilege days, Christmas closure and flexible working hours. For more information on our full list benefits, please visit here (https://stfccareers.co.uk/rewards-and-benefits/).

Key Duties And Responsibilities
Contribute to the development, maintenance and routine operation of computer codes for the production, visualisation and analysis of satellite datasets on atmospheric composition.
Support scientific exploitation and other applications of satellite data, including interaction with colleagues in universities and other institutes.

In order to apply for the role we are looking for the following:

Essential
You’ll need to have, or be on course to achieve, a minimum 2:1 degree in a physical science, computer science or maths
Have the right to live and work in the UK at time of starting employment
Accomplished computer programming skills, preferably in Python, IDL, C++ and/or Fortran
Aptitude for working and communicating effectively within a small team

Desirable
Motivation to work in Earth Observation from space and climate science
Experience of webpage and web tool development (HTML, JavaScript)
Experience of Linux/Unix operating systems
Experience working with a large computer cluster and/or handling large data sets
Experience in developing, maintaining or using complex computer codes
Ability to manage own time effectively and multi-task

Part of our application process involves submitting your CV and a cover letter. Your cover letter should address your suitability for the opportunity based how you meet each essential criteria stated in this advert.

About The Science And Technology Facilities Council (STFC)

As one of Europe’s largest research organisations, we ask the biggest questions in the universe to find answers that change the world around us. We seek understanding. We’re proud of the impact we make. And we’re committed to helping build a globally competitive, knowledge-based UK economy. Being part of all this means contributing to work that pushes boundaries and creates possibilities. You’ll work with, and learn from, true experts. Whatever your role, you’ll be free to question, and encouraged to share ideas. And, in a positive and supportive culture, you’ll discover just what a difference you can make when you’re equipped and inspired to excel.

We’re a place where curious minds thrive. Not bound by profit, we explore ideas that others don’t, ask questions that others won’t, and discover answers that others are not equipped to find. And, alongside Mars landings and black holes, we also explore diverse, international projects in everything from science and engineering to computing and technology. Whether it’s at the cutting edge or behind the scenes, our work is intellectually challenging. It’s very often ground-breaking. And it’s endlessly, irresistibly fascinating.

For more information about STFC please visit https://stfc.ukri.org/

You can also visit our careers site https://www.stfccareers.co.uk/

About UK Research Innovation (UKRI)

UKRI is an organisation that brings together the seven disciplinary research councils, Research England and Innovate UK. Together, we build an independent organisation with a strong voice and vision ensuring the UK maintains its world-leading position in research and innovation.

Supporting some of the world’s most exciting and challenging research projects, we develop and operate some of the most remarkable scientific facilities in the world. We are pushing the frontiers of human knowledge through fundamental research and delivering benefits for UK society and the economy through world-class research, skills and business-led innovation.

More information can be found at www.ukri.org.

Choosing to come to work at UKRI means that you will have access to a whole host of benefits from a defined benefit pension scheme, excellent holiday entitlement, access to employee shopping/travel discounts and salary sacrifice cycle to work scheme. For more details, visit benefits of working for UKRI.

How We Support EDI In The Workforce

At UKRI, we believe that everyone has a right to be treated with dignity and respect, and to be provided with equal opportunities to thrive and succeed in an environment that enables them to do so. We also value diversity of thought and experience within inclusive groups, organisations and the wider community. For further information, please visit ‘How we support EDI in the workforce’.

Disability Confident Employer

As users of the disability confident scheme, we guarantee to interview all disabled applicants who meet the minimum criteria for the vacancy/ies. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

How To Apply

Online applications only preferred for this role. Please submit a CV and covering letter which clearly outlines how you fulfil the criteria specified along with your motivation for UKRI and the role. Ensure that the job reference number is included in the filename description of each document uploaded. Note that failure to address the above criteria or submit an application without a covering letter may result in the application not being considered. Assessment will only be based upon the content of your submitted covering letter and CV and not the ‘experience’ section of the application.

UKRI seeks to ensure it creates and maintains a system of openness, fairness and inclusion – a collaborative, trusted environment, which is attractive to and accessible to everyone who is interested in developing their career with us.