London/Hybrid
Up To £55,000
J12331 Please note our client is unable to offer sponsorship now or in the future therefore, we are only able accept candidates with full rights to work in the UK.

Would you like to work for a leading independent property consultancy in the UK? Due to the rapid growth of the data and analytical capabilities within the organisation, an exciting position has opened up for a Data Scientist in the Analytics team to strengthen and advance the use of data and insight across the business. The role will require someone who has a very strong data modelling background. An ideal candidate will have experience with using software such as Python, R, Alteryx, Stata and SQL. Responsibilities-To use in-depth knowledge of analytical methods to problem-solve
Develop and productionise models quantifying property characteristics and market performance
Develop machine learning approaches which forecast real estate phenomena such as future transaction levels
Extend the business's insight capabilities through techniques such as NLP and deep learning
To work closely with the Data Engineering function on data preparation and ETL tasks
To be able to disseminate findings to a range of internal and external stakeholders Experience
University degree or equivalent
MSc or higher in a relevant field preferable
Strong and demonstrable knowledge on statistical methods
Machine Learning both supervised and unsupervised
Proven experience in using quantitative methods for research
Knowledge of Real Estate industry and its economics beneficial
Experience working with spatial and non-spatial data is desirable Systems
R
Python
Stata
ArcGIS
Alteryx
SQL
Tableau If this sounds like the role for you then please apply today!

Alternatively, you can refer a friend or colleague by taking part in our fantastic referral schemes!

If you have a friend or colleague who would be interested in this role, please refer them to us.

For each relevant candidate that you introduce to us (there is no limit) and we place, you will be entitled to our general gift/voucher scheme. Datatech is one of the UK's leading recruitment agencies in the field of analytics and host of the critically acclaimed event, Women in Data.

For more information, visit our website: (url removed)