Great that you're thinking about a career with BSI!

We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Marketing Data and Insights team.

This is a new permanent role and a chance to join a growing team looking to transform BSI into an insights-driven organisation where all decisions are underpinned with robust data analysis.

We are looking for an individual who is passionate about unlocking value from data.

The position provides a unique chance to build and implement advanced analytical solutions from scratch. This will provide the global BSI marketing teams with insights and tools that have not been available historically, - allowing a step chance in how the wider team can operate.

The successful jobholder will be reporting to the Data Science Manager.

About The Company

BSI is the UK’s National Standards Body, but we are much more than that. We are an international organisation that tackles the problems businesses have by leading the development and embedding of best practices. We help companies access new markets, accelerate innovation, become more resilient and sustainable, and build trusted customer relationships.

Standards protect and create trust, but they are only one aspect of our work. Ensuring conformity with standards and regulatory frameworks accelerates our clients’ ability to improve and grow. Our consulting expertise and insights create a rich environment for innovation. Our work across these interconnected areas unlocks value for clients that is not always apparent when we start.

Sustainability is becoming the galvanising force in the world, and the world of business. Using our unique position to help organisations become more sustainable and resilient is at the heart of our strategy, alongside the pressing need our clients must create trust in a digital world. Innovation, acceleration, and assurance are how we help our clients prosper and benefit society.

Our profits are reinvested in the work we do and the difference we make. Our unique history, presence, and ways of working have earned us a reputation as a trusted catalyst of change: in business, society, and the world.

This is an exciting time to join the business as it starts to implement its new strategy. It will be a chance to contribute to new ways of working and drive significant improvements through the use of data.

Key Responsibilities
Develop a Marketing data science plan and projects roadmap
Automate and streamline the current reporting requirements within the Data and Insights team
Represent the marketing team in wider BSI data and analytics improvements projects
To ‘evangelise’ the use of data science to drive business improvements.
To help to build a data science community across the organisation
Proactively engage key functional stakeholders in establishing the business requirements and opportunities for data science studies
Identify the data sources required, collect, migrate, and cleanse the data to support analysis
Extract data insight and present data and conclusions to stakeholders in a compelling way, utilising data visualisation and other business intelligence tools (Tableau/Power BI) for reporting
Co-ordinate with various technical/functional teams to implement the data products and monitor the results.

Education/Qualifications

What we are looking for:
Educated to degree level or equivalent
A degree in a numeric discipline (for example, maths, computer science, engineering) (Desirable)

Knowledge & Experience
A highly numerate and analytical individual with substantial experience in embedding data-driven insight into a business
Excellent knowledge of the creation, assessment, and implementation of Machine Learning models
Demonstrable experience in delivering results of the analysis in formats that are engaging to the wider business through visualisation and storytelling
Experience in digital marketing data analysis including data collection, analysis, and measurement (Desirable)
Good knowledge of the Microsoft Azure analytics stack including Azure Data Lake and Databricks (Desirable)

Technical Skills
A high degree of proficiency in Python to wrangle data from multiple, disparate sources.
Proficiency in visualisation tools such as Power BI, Tableau, d3.js
Demonstrable experience in using Natural Language Processing to solve business problems (Desirable)
Experience in building data-driven apps/products as part of the delivery of machine learning models (Desirable)

Personal Qualities
A highly motivated individual with experience in delivery in complex, global, matrix structured organisation.
Excellent interpersonal skills
Able to work with a wide range of stakeholders from across the businesses (technical and non-technical) to deliver projects.

What we offer!

We offer a highly competitive starting salary with 27 days annual leave with the opportunity to increase this to 30 days, company-paid private medical insurance, an excellent company-contributed pension scheme, and a wide range of flexible benefits that you can tailor to suit your lifestyle.

Our Excellence Behaviours: Client-centric, Agile, Collaborative. These three behaviours represent how we do things at BSI. They help us ensure that BSI is a great place to work and a highly successful business.

BSI is conducting face-to-face interviews where appropriate and possible. If you are invited to a face-to-face interview but feel more comfortable with conducting the interview virtually, please speak to a member of our recruitment team.