The Informatics team principles are designed to foster creativity, enabling us to stay at the forefront of development and delivery. As the data scientist within the team, you will have responsibility for developing and applying new and innovative ways of managing and analysing

Accurate completion of relevant documentation including the responsibly for the patient or staff identifiable data you have access to.

Apply technical skills to develop interactive data analysis to support service delivery and drive transformation.

Comply with Health and Safety at Work legislation and the Trusts policies and procedures to maintain a safe working environment, including use of personal protective equipment where supplied.

Apply a structured change management approach and methodology for the impact of any change on systems or reporting.

Responsible for writing and implementing a data science policy and long-term strategy for the organisation. This will include AI and ML technologies that the organisation does not currently have.

Be responsible for the management of the financial implications of the data science procedures. Including systems and training required to maintain effective practices.

Requirement to produce and implement new technologies to the organisation to be able to achieve ML and AI abilities.

Through all aspects of personal behaviour, demonstrably uphold and maintain Trust values at all time.

Lead by example, to provide direction and support, to ensure that the Vision and Values of the Trust are publicised, understood and modelled by all within the Trust.

Provide advice and mentorship for technical staff, junior team members and learners in one to one or group training sessions.

Take responsibility for own personal development and ensure it is kept up to date with the latest technologies that can benefit the organisation and the service we provide.

Working flexibly in agreement with the line manager.

Develop and employ a shared leadership approach. Seek regular feedback from colleagues to enable self-awareness of personal impact and effectiveness.

Understanding of data quality issues and appropriate data validation techniques

Liaise with multi-disciplinary teams across and outside of organisational boundaries.

Ensure effective communication with other disciplines and organisations to be able to provide guidance and recommendations to non-technical colleagues.

For further details / informal visits contact: Name: Zoe Collis Job title: Head of Information and Analytics Email address: zoe.collis@eastamb.nhs.uk