Are you an experienced Data Engineer or Data Scientist seeking a new opportunity within a trusted and forward-thinking and exciting company?

Do you want to apply your experience to a role where you can and will influence business processes and key decision making?

We currently have an exciting new opportunity available for a Data Engineer or Data Scientist to join our client's team - you would be joining them on a full-time, permanent basis and you will receive a starting salary of circa £48k-£50k per annum, plus excellent benefits - the role is offered on a hybrid working basis, blending office-based and home-based working.

The Role
As a Data Engineer or Data Scientist you will support the design and build of new data architectures. You will build the foundation upon which data is served to applications and Data Scientists across the business. This will enable faster, better and predictive modelling and decision making.
Bringing enthusiasm, technical understanding and an ability to adapt and learn, you will help to optimise the existing data infrastructure and pipelines while engaging with teams to deliver next generation data initiatives.
Duties And Responsibilities
Design and implement strategic solutions and data infrastructure to enhance our client's ability to serve data to its various business units.
Work with other Data Scientists and Data Analysts to understand their data needs and feed this back to better inform solution designs.
Conduct research on emerging database, data management, integration and virtualisation technologies and how these may augment the company data strategy.
Providing third-line response for complex problems, performing monitoring, diagnosis, and root cause analysis.
Support the business in analysing large data sets and developing reporting solutions.
Recommending and undertaking modifications to data systems to improve security, efficiency, reliability, and performance.
Develop your skills through formal training, self-directed learning and continual professional development.
What We Are Looking For
A degree relating to Computer or Data Science, or equivalent commercial/professional experience.
In-depth SQL knowledge and experience building data pipelines and integrating large datasets or experience working as a Data Scientist with a good knowledge of the underlying data infrastructure that support analytics.
Knowledge of Azure Data Services and Integration methodologies.
Experience with object-oriented scripting languages such as Python and/or C++.
Technical ability to understand complex technical issues and convert into clear action plans/programmes of work.
Ability to work across departments/teams, interacting with technical staff and senior stakeholders alike.
What Is In It For You

Our customer knows that the support and commitment of their staff is key to their success so you will receive the opportunity for ongoing professional development and training for a long-term career with them.

In return you will receive an excellent salary and a wide range of benefits, including: -
Generous holiday allowance plus bank holidays.
Hybrid working model - blending office based and home working.
A discretionary bonus.
Competitive Contributory Pension.
Access to the Company Share Scheme.
Various health benefits.
Cycle to work scheme.
Financial Support services.
Training and Development Opportunities.
KEYWORDS

Data Engineer, Data Scientist, Data Management, Data Integration, Data Virtualisation, Data Infrastructure, Data Pipelines, Predictive Modelling, Root Cause Analysis, Data Integration, Azure Data Services, SQL, SQL Server, Python, C++.

Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills and qualifications are suitable for this position.

No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010.

Bowerford Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.