Req ID: 85281

Lubrizol, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is a market-driven global company that combines complex, specialty chemicals to optimize the quality, performance and value of customers’ products while reducing their environmental impact. Lubrizol produces and supplies technologies to customers in the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. These technologies include lubricant additives for engine oils, driveline and other transportation-related fluids, industrial lubricants, and additives for gasoline and diesel fuel. In addition, Lubrizol makes ingredients and additives for home care and personal care products and pharmaceuticals, and specialty materials, including plastics technology and performance coatings in the form of resins and additives.

Research Data Scientist

Competitive Salary & Excellent Benefits

The Data Science & Analytics team at the Lubrizol Corporation has an opportunity for a solution-oriented Research Data Scientist. In this role, you will provide data science technical leadership. You will also be involved in the development of our analytics systems and will collaborate with others on statistics and data analytics matters. This is a hybrid, onsite or remote role based out of our Hazelwood, Derbyshire site.

In This Role You Will
Lead efforts in algorithm and method development.
Coach and mentor others on advanced approaches in data science
Create predictive models by mining complex data
Collaborate and consult with subject-area experts
Act as a translator and advocate for how data science can add additional value to the business
To Be Successful You Will Need
PhD in statistics, operations research, data science or closely related field
Deep expertise in one or more key technical area(s) such as advanced modeling approaches for use with sparse data and/or stochastic optimization
Ability to mine complex data resulting in practical insights
Highly skilled in R or Python
Strong problem solving and deductive reasoning skills
Creativity and curiosity with the ability to learn and apply new concepts quickly
Strong communication skills and ability to interact effectively with a wide variety of individuals
Preferred Skills And Qualifications
Experience applying MCMC algorithms
Experience using advanced modeling methods/machine learning to solve complex business problems
We offer a comprehensive benefits package including discretionary annual bonus, competitive pension scheme and private medical cover.

Lubrizol will support you to develop your own skills and progress as part of a global organisation.

Together, we are Lubrizol: Where science excels, and people make a difference

It’s an exciting time to be part of Lubrizol. Lubrizol is not staying put. We are continually learning and evolving. Our passion delivers our success — not only for Lubrizol but for those who count on us every day: our employees, customers and communities. We are talented people working together to solve problems and improve lives through science. We are making a difference, and we will never stop pushing to do it better.

Lubrizol is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from a diverse range of applicants. All applicants will be considered entirely based on their relevant merits and abilities.

The Hazelwood site is located in a rural setting; around 8 miles from Derby City centre and supports our Customers and Original Equipment Manufacturers throughout Europe and Africa. Derby is a historic town first settled by the Romans in around 80 AD. It is the site of the world’s first modern factory; the Silk Mill built in 1717 and has been at the heart of the rail industry from 1839. Derby was awarded city status in 1977 and has recently undergone a £1 billion refurbishment to include a new shopping mall and media centre. The Derby area offers affordable housing, a low cost of living and has a reputation for an outstanding quality of life. It has excellent schools and was voted one of the most desirable places to live in the UK in a national survey carried out in 2002. Hazelwood is located in the foothills of the Peak District which is well known for its magnificent scenery, but if you prefer something different there are many places of interest to visit.