As a Data Scientist and Modeller here at LV= you will be responsible for working closely with the valuation and pricing actuarial teams to provide insights, data and information to allow for an efficient and streamlined process.

You will be a core part of the team which carries out the experience analysis that is used to set pricing and valuation assumptions across LV=

Key Responsibilities:
Act as the technical lead on all aspects of the experience analysis modeling process
Co-ordinate and supervise members of the team in delivering the outputs required to feed into the annual basis review cycle
Ensure that the experience analysis modeling and development is carried out in a strong control environment & following model development best practice
Use your expertise to improve the sophistication of the analysis performed
Identify continuous improvement opportunities in the team’s processes, and actively look for synergies with modeling taking place in other business areas

About you:

You possess strong technical data science skillset, with experience in coding (R, Python, etc), data processing, model development and data analytics
Given the overarching purpose of the analysis, an actuarial skillset or prior experience of life insurance would also be desirable.
Good communicator who has strong presentation skills – able to communicate complex, technical information.
You have the ability to supervise and co-ordinate the work of others
Ability to motivate, organise and manage self and others to deliver to challenging deadlines.
Desire to deliver culture of continuous improvement.
Ability to build strong relationships with teams across the business to achieve best alignment with our strategy and objectives.

Rewards & Benefits
This role is a Band C in the LV= Structure. To find out more about our bands, click to view our FAQ page here. We want you to love what you do that’s why we’ve put together a benefits package that recognises and rewards a job well done.
At LV= Life and Pensions, you’ll go above and beyond to do the right thing for our customers and we’ll reward you with an attractive, competitive salary and benefits package in exchange for your hard work.
· 30 days' holiday, with the option to buy up to 2 additional days
· A competitive pension for which LV= Life and Pensions will double match the amount you pay, up to 14% (please click here to read more about it)
· An annual bonus scheme based on company and personal performance
· Single cover private medical insurance which you can upgrade to family cover
· Cycle to work scheme
· You’ll receive up to 20% discount on our life products for you and your immediate family.
To find out more about our benefits and rewards, please click here.

Here at LV= Life and Pensions we always love to hear from great people, so don’t forget to follow us on Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn and become a fan on Facebook.

At LV= Life & Pensions you’ll find we thrive on the benefit of everyone’s differences. Whoever you are, whatever you are and in whatever way you identify, you’re welcome here. We’ll make reasonable adjustments to specific needs to make sure your individual requirements are accommodated as far as possible. Being totally committed to equal opportunities opens up massive benefits, not just to our organisation and people but also to our members and our products. We’re proud of our people, we only recruit and promote on merit.
Go on, bring your true self to LV=.

Why not follow us on Glassdoor and take the opportunity to see real reviews of what it’s like to work here