Exeter/Remote

What It's Like To Work At Landmark

We're a friendly, dynamic and supportive team. We encourage passion, ambition and collaboration, both in our performance as a team and individually. New ideas are encouraged. We actively promote involvement in the development and direction of our products and services, as well as finding more efficient ways to work. We also love a good work social and team building events. As well as this we offer:

Competitive salary
25 days’ holiday, with optional 5 days unpaid leave per year
Free parking
Annual lifestyle allowance of £300 to put towards an activity of your choice
Cycle to Work scheme and Gym Flex scheme
Internal coaching/mentoring system throughout your time here
Focus on training and career progression
Family friendly policies
Happy to talk about flexible working

The Opportunity

This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Data Scientist to join our Solutions team.

Tasks Include

Analysis of large data sets to identify key structures and patterns in sector specific address sets, with the aim of identifying a comprehensive and quality assured set of address cleansing rules that can be applied to customer data.
Implementation of automated address cleansing mechanisms (using tools such as FME), with the aim of obtaining an accurate address match using matching datasets such as QAS and ABP.
Generate data insights, including creating reports, presentations and story maps
Statistical, quantitative and qualitative analysis of processes and results, ensuring auditable results and accurate recording of said results. Ensure documentation and processes are maintained and kept up to date.
Handling and management of large datasets, ensuring all actions and results are auditable, without data loss or duplication. Delivery of data work packages, receipt of results, collation of results/reports. Statistical reviews etc.
Continual review of processes and methods; defining new methods and mechanisms.

About You

You will be an effective communicator, who has the flair to liaise with internal customers and suppliers (in person, phone and email) to drive projects forward.

Additionally, You Will Have Experience With

Proficiency with database programming languages such as SQL, R or Python.
Spatial analysis using GIS specialist software (e.g., FME, ESRI ArcGIS, QGIS)
Experience with Machine Learning such as Azure Machine Learning, AWS Machine Learning services, Build with AI (Google) etc.
Building, managing and analysing large and complex reference datasets in relational database environments (e.g., PostGIS)
Developing innovative algorithms and models for location/geospatial & address data to solve business problems (for example, address cleansing of customer data to provide an accurate address match)

About Us

Landmark Information Group holds a wide portfolio of market leading PropTech businesses that span an incredible range of markets and technology platforms across the sector. With well-known application suites, online services and massive national scale property data as well as premier geospatial datasets we are at the forefront of innovation and thought leadership in the industry.

We deliver award-winning solutions to estate agency, conveyancing, surveying, lender valuations, land asset management, environmental consultancy, and Government markets. This is a chance to join the business as we make major steps forward in leveraging the latest cloud and large-scale technologies to start bringing together the entire market to a unified platform.

We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.