Junior Data science Opportunity

Junior Data scientist | 40k | London

About the Company:
A junior data scientist is needed to join a fast-growing FinTech firm founded by an ex-Google & Facebook software engineer keen on innovating in the insure-tech space.
This firm is scaling up quickly having hit over 50000 customers in the last year, and have also raised a total of over £10 million in funding.

About the Role:
As a Junior Data scientist, you will be working in a perpetually evolving space with plenty of opportunities to develop as a Junior Data scientist whilst the business continue to develop.
There will also be great learning opportunities through the hands-on training and mentorship that you will be given that will ultimately contribute to you becoming an exceptional Junior Data scientist
The Junior Data scientist will work collaborate throughout the business and gain exposure to the engineering, product & commercial teams to in order create the best data products in the market.
The opportunity to work with a state of the art data platform and be responsible for the implementation of some data's best practices.
Joining a tight-knit and supportive team where your development and well being as the Junior Data scientist is an utmost priority.

Requirements:
A problem solver with a creative approach to data and who is passionate about becoming a great Junior Data scientist and who is comfortable approaching tasks involving data pipelining and model deployment.
As a Junior Data scientist you will be required to have a 2:1 or above degree in Computer Science (or similar subject) from a Russel group or Oxbridge university.
You will also be expected to demonstrate familiarity and previous knowledge of Python and JavaScript data science frameworks (pandas, sklearn, torch/tensorflow).

Benefits:
Positive working culture with regular team incentives.
Hands-on training mentorship from co-founder/ senior members of the team ultimately contributes to developing your skills as a Junior Data Scientist.
Equity stake.

If you are looking for Junior Data scientist roles and ready to make the first step in your career with a fast-growing start-up then please do not hesitate to apply!

Junior Data scientist | 40K | London

Junior Data scientist