Senior Data Scientist is required for a company who are specialists in complete solutions for the processing, packaging, and distribution of food products, located in Windsor, United Kingdom (Hybrid working available). They focus on keeping the consumption of all raw materials and energy to a minimum during both the manufacturing process and distribution.

What will you do
Apply your skills and expertise in statistics and machine learning to help solve real world business

problems.
Through experimentation and evaluation of statistical and machine learning models you will make a

notable contribution to the data driven business transformation journey.
Work with large internal operational datasets and leverage on external data sets to enrich the internal

data and enhance your models results.
Implement tools to monitor and analyse model performance and data accuracy.
Communicate your models results and provide your recommendations to key decision makers and

stakeholders

Requirements
Strong understanding of math statistics such as distributions, statistical testing, and regression.
Proficient in using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistical methods such as regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modelling, clustering, decision trees and neural networks to solve business problems,
Must have significant experience in applying statistical modelling and machine learning in industry.
Proficient in statistical programming languages such as Python to manipulate and draw insights from

large data sets.
Experience building and deploying data dashboards/web apps built in Python and proficient in using

docker containers for deploying these solutions.
Experienced and an advocate for good software engineering best practices including design patterns, unit

testing, code reviews.
Experience in using software versioning tools and in the best practice usage of these.
Experienced in the deployment of machine learning models, the candidate must be able to demonstrate

a coherent end to end approach for testing and delivering a model.
Must have experience building statistical/ml models in Microsoft Azure, experienced in using Azure ML

and other AI/ML services very advantageous.
Must have experience using SQL to query relational databases including SQL Server and/or MySQL.

This is an exciting opportunity for a Senior Data Scientist to join a specialist in complete solutions for the processing, packaging, and distribution of food products. If you are interested, apply with your CV.