Here at esure, we’re no strangers to change. As one of the industry leaders in the insurance business, striving to become a world class digital insurer, we’re getting ready for more. It’s creating great new opportunities for innovative and talented industry professionals to join us at a pivotal point in our development.

esure Group are currently recruiting for a Data Scientist! We encourage learning and development and look for our people to bring forward ideas to support in esure Group’s journey to becoming a world class digital Insurer!

At esure Group we are building an outstanding environment for long-term ambitious research to thrive in. We are harnessing data science approaches to build end-to-end solutions which will help our business drive further value from data and build personalised experiences for our customers. We apply innovative machine learning techniques to solve a variety of problems such as customer risk, lifetime value and retail pricing across diverse product portfolios. Many projects are at greenfield stage with the chance to have significant impact on the P&L. The team is central to our growth strategy with great support from senior colleagues who are keen to drive a ‘start-up mentality’ for this function.

What you'll do:

Apply statistical and sophisticated analytical techniques to optimise and improve business performance for specific business problems and use cases
Build and maintain the algorithms required to drive value for customers. Research and development to continuously improve our services and products
Provide regular support on data science projects – both large and small – that drives business benefit and gives us a competitive advantage
Deliver high quality data science by performing ad hoc analysis to predict, measure and interpret business trends.
Actively seek out new sources of data to use in all aspects of Pricing, making esure best in class in utilising the most expansive data sets available
Work closely with DevOps and Data Engineers to productionise and deploy machine learning models
Produce high-quality code that allows us to put solutions into production
Refactor code into reusable libraries, APIs, and tools

What are we looking for?:

Experience working as a Data Scientist with a passion for technology
R/Python toolkits, preferably working with data pipelines
Proficient with SQL and NoSQL databases
Experience with Jupyter Notebooks and version control (eg. Git)
Expert in mining large and sophisticated data sets - both structured and unstructured extraction of data, transformation and application

Desirable:
Experience with Spark/Databricks
Experience deploying ML at scale via APIs (eg. Flask, Keras) advantageous

What we will offer you in return:

A competitive salary that recognises your skills, experience and potential
25 days annual leave plus 8 flex days (equivalent to bank holidays to be taken as and when suits you)
Flexible benefits platform - choose the benefits that suit you and your lifestyle
Bonus scheme
Flexible / hybrid working model
Staff discount on our products

We welcome you to ask about the flexibility you need. This might be part-time, job share or compressed hours for example. Anyone who applies for a role can ask about flexibility at interview. In return, we will explore what is possible for the role.

We understand some people may not apply for jobs unless they tick every box. If you are excited about joining us and think you have some of what we are looking for, even if you’re not 100% sure we would love to hear from you.