Remote/Home based or Reading/Exeter/Kent

What It's Like To Work At Landmark

We're a friendly, dynamic and supportive team. We encourage passion, ambition and collaboration, both in our performance as a team and individually. New ideas are encouraged. We actively promote involvement in the development and direction of our products and services, as well as finding more efficient ways to work. We also love a good work social and team building events. As well as this we offer:

Competitive salary
25 days’ holiday, with optional 5 days unpaid leave per year
Free parking
Annual lifestyle allowance of £300 to put towards an activity of your choice
Cycle to Work scheme and Gym Flex scheme
Internal coaching/mentoring system throughout your time here
Focus on training and career progression
Family friendly policies
Happy to talk about flexible working

The Opportunity

Landmark has the biggest geospatial datasets in the property market in the UK and the Data Insight is responsible to leverage that data to provide insights for our business and customers across financial sector, real estate, conveyancing and more.

The team develops data science, machine learning, and deep learning solutions to feed into new products as well as providing insights that drive the growth of the business units along with different verticals or business functions such as marketing, sales, and customer support. They are responsible for MLOps such as model deployment, and model maintaining, and are continually looking for ways to improve and implement best practices.

The team works closely with the Product Managers across different business units to support them with product development and enhancements. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a growing team that is at the core of digital transformation of the business and industry and work with millions of records of diverse property data.

Main Purpose Of The Role

Evaluate information related to properties, environment and climate to interpret property risks, market trends and changes as well as customers behaviour.
Enhance the ability to capture data from unstructured sources that can be utilised in downstream data processing.
Create model outputs that can be used to help our customers to consume insights related to Landmark’s application domain in climate change, property market, etc.
Conduct proof of concepts on product ideas and build prototypes rapidly and evaluate the performance of models and communicating it to product team and customers

About You

The Data Scientist will have previously held roles in a data science or ML engineering function, have a track record of leveraging data analytics or machine learning in a business environment and be able to look for opportunities to use insights/datasets/code/models across other functions in the organisation (for example in the sales, customer support, HR and marketing departments)

Required Skills And Attributes

High calibre with STEM background.
At least 3 years of experience in a position in data science and analytics.
Experience of data mining principles, predictive/prescriptive analytics, machine learning and statistical models.
Knowledge of agile methods of delivery and familiarity with surrounding tooling such as Jira, and Azure DevOps.
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities.
Experience of working across multiple projects in analytics, modelling, and integration of diverse datasets to build models and predictions.
Strong ability to plan, manage, and push forward numerous processes, people and projects simultaneously.
Define and document pipelines to demonstrate what conclusions can be reached and how quickly based on current digital product performance.
Excellent communication, collaboration and ownership skills.
Strong programming skills in Python, Pyspark, SQL.
Experience with Data Science and big data tools and programming frameworks and packages: Databricks, TensorFlow/Keras.
Experience with cloud environments: Azure or AWS or similar cloud ecosystem.
Knowledge of CI/CD and MLOps tools and environments such as Git and GitHub Actions.

Bonus Points For

Having familiarity with geospatial data and python packages (Sedona, geopandas, etc.)
Having familiarity with climate change and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) domain
Prior experience with leading a project and driving conversations.
Knowledge of Power BI, NoSQL, MLFlow
Experience of harvesting data from Web sources

About Us

Landmark Information Group holds a wide portfolio of market leading PropTech businesses that span an incredible range of markets and technology platforms across the sector. With well-known application suites, online services and massive national scale property data as well as premier geospatial datasets we are at the forefront of innovation and thought leadership in the industry.

We deliver award-winning solutions to estate agency, conveyancing, surveying, lender valuations, land asset management, environmental consultancy, and Government markets. This is a chance to join the business as we make major steps forward in leveraging the latest cloud and large-scale technologies to start bringing together the entire market to a unified platform.

We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.