Description
About Syngenta:
Syngenta is leading science-based agtech company; dedicated to bringing plant potential to life. Each of our 28,000 employees in more than 90 countries work together to solve one of humanity’s most pressing challenges: growing more food with fewer resources. A diverse workforce and an inclusive workplace environment are enablers of our ambition to be the most collaborative and trusted team in agriculture.
Our employees reflect the diversity of our customers, the markets where we operate and the communities which we serve. No matter what your position, you will have a vital role in safely feeding the world and taking care of our planet. Join us and help shape the future of agriculture.
Bioscience Summary
Syngenta’s Crop Protection Bioscience function contributes to innovate safe crop protection agents and enhancers by understanding of their mode of action, resistance mechanisms and kinetics to improve product formulation. In the Bioscience digital team, we use a combination data science, image processing, automation and machine learning techniques to explore new ways of deriving knowledge from experimental endpoints and digital phenotypes including multi-dimensional image, mass spectrometry, biochemical assays, and genetic data. A large component of the work will be the integration of multiple data into 'multi-omic' decision making tools. If you are passionate about knowledge extraction from complex data sources and keen to deliver solutions that will help Syngenta to create products which can feed the world sustainably, we have the job for you.
Description
Syngenta Crop Protection Bioscience is looking for a driven and innovative individual with experience in the analysis of experimental scientific data. You will collaborate with scientists across the Crop Protection business to build a vision of how to approach new challenges. You will contribute to solving those challenges with creative and unique algorithms, establish analysis pipelines, build dashboards, devise ADMET models and teach individuals on how to use them. The applicant will become part of the data science community within Syngenta and contribute models to Syngenta's modelling platform PRIME.
Qualifications
Education & Experience
MSc/PhD (or equivalent experience) in natural sciences with focus on analysis of data and data integration. Commercial or Postdoctoral experience in life sciences research would be a plus.
Minimum Qualifications
Enthusiasm for visual analytics and data science
Dynamic personality with passion for innovation and problem-solving
A good understanding of experimental systems and data types in biological and chemical sciences
Excellent scripting skills with R and shiny, knowledge of and use of a wide range of R packages
Familiarity with relational and non-relational data systems
Experience with machine learning and multivariate statistics
Programming skills in Python and possibly experience with Dash
Proven track record in building data analysis tools and workflows
Proficiency in both written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work in multi-functional teams
Ability to manage and contribute to projects autonomously
Desirable Qualifications (three Or More Of The Below)
Experience in building ADMET models
Experience in the analysis of mass spec and proteomics data
Experience in Bayesian statistics and inference for modelling
Experience in the analysis of imaging data
Experience in building interactive GUI's , Angular or React
Experience with Dataiku, Flask, Nextflow or other deployment & workflow frameworks
Experience with container and serverless architectures
Experience with modern automation testing tools and distributed version-control systems
Knowledge in Cell Biology, Entomology, Phytology, Developmental Biology
In return for your skills and knowledge Syngenta will offer:
Campus environment
Competitive benefits package
Up to 31.5 days holiday
The opportunity to work with and learn from highly qualified and experienced employees
We embrace and encourage diversity, and this is what drives our innovation and lets us outperform the market. https://www.syngenta.com/careers/working-syngenta/diversity-and-inclusion
Primary Location
GBR-Berkshire-Bracknell
Job
R&D - Research
Desired Skills and Experience
Science, Research, Research and development, communication, bioassays, Digital, Technical