Exciting news! As DLG continues to grow our pricing and underwriting expertise we are looking for experienced 'Pricing Data Scientists' to join us working on one of our many award winning brands such as Direct Line, Churchill or Darwin.

The Role:
Provide a great opportunity to influence an end-to-end business (not just pricing)
Opportunity to oversee and have sight of the end-to-end pricing cycle and its impact on P&L
Be the one to make real-time pricing & underwriting changes
Provide access to a large volume of DLG data and modern tools for analysis and making decisions
Exposure to use of machine learning algorithm in 'live' pricing
Freedom to be creative and explore new ideas (and not always follow the 'norm')
The opportunity to gain experience working in an agile model in multi skilled teams all working towards a common goal

What you'll do:
Build market leading risk cost models and other ancillary models for personal lines pricing
Manage the end-to-end modelling cycle: data quality and control, model build, review and deployment
Support improvement through R&D on modelling techniques and model structures to develop NextGen pricing models
Enrichment of data using internal and external data sources
Work with the wider P&U chapter to deploy the models into production

Desired experience:
Must have experience in Insurance market (minimum of 2 years), in building pricing models using machine learning techniques for motor / home insurance risk cost models or similar
Experience of leading projects in collaboration with other teams
Proficient in using Python, R or similar, in a working environment

Benefits

We recognise we wouldn't be where we are today without our colleagues, that's why we offer excellent benefits designed to suit your lifestyle:
9% employer contributed pension
50% off home, motor and pet insurance plus free travel insurance and Green Flag breakdown cover
Additional optional Health and Dental insurance
EV car scheme allows all colleagues to lease a brand new electric or plug-in hybrid car in a tax efficient way.
Generous holidays
Buy as you earn share scheme
Employee discounts and cashback
Plus many more

Life at Direct Line Group

Direct Line Group is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and we're committed to making DLG a truly inclusive place to work.

We recognise and embrace that people work in different ways and we'll always adapt as much as possible so you have the best working environment that we can offer. We know you're more than a CV, and the things that make you, you, can bring real potential to DLG.

Ways of Working

Here at Direct Line Group, we recognise the importance of flexibility, not only in our personal lives but also in the way we work. Our mixed model way of working offers a 'best of both worlds' approach combining the best parts of home and office-working, offering flexibility for everyone.

How much you'll be in the office depends on your role, and we'll consider the flexible working options that work best for you. You can find out more about our flexible working approach or please get in touch with the team to discuss.

If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.