StackAdapt is the no. 1 performing programmatic advertising platform helping brands accelerate customer engagement and acquisition. This state-of-the-art platform is where some of the most progressive work in machine learning meets cutting-edge user experience.

Ranking the highest in performance by G2 Crowd for the fourth time, we're one of the fastest growing companies in Canada and ranks 6th in Deloitte's Technology Fast 50 ranking and 23rd in Fast 500 in North America.

We are searching for a talented Data Scientist to join our engineering team as we continue to expand our data science efforts. Our platform is connected to thousands of publishers and advertisers worldwide and as a result, we're dealing with millions of requests each second, making billions of decisions. We utilize the latest technologies to solve challenges in traffic, data storage, machine learning, and scalability.

Want to learn more about our Data Science Team: https://alldus.com/ie/blog/podcasts/aiinaction-ned-dimitrov-stackadapt/

Learn more about our engineering culture here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXM2NrkhKZc

Watch our talk at Amazon Tech Talks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRqu-a4gPuU

StackAdapt is a Remote First company, and we are open to candidates in various of our operating locations throughout the globe!

What you'll be doing:
Innovate ML algorithms to maximize ROI and advertising performance. This ranges from creating entirely new algorithms, to improvements on state-of-the art methods, to development using a deep understanding of classic methods
Write production code, sometimes collaborating with Data Engineers, to implement the novel ML algorithms
Prototype potential algorithms and pipelines, test them using historical data, and iterate to modify based on insights

We'll be reaching out to candidates who:
Have a Masters degree or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, or a related field, with dual degrees a plus.
Have the ability to take an ambiguously defined task, and break it down into actionable steps
Have a comprehensive understanding of statistics, optimization and machine learning
Are proficient in coding, data structures, and algorithms
Enjoy working in a friendly, collaborative environment with others

StackAdapters enjoy:
Competitive salary
Private Medical Insurance cover
Auto-enrolment into the company pension scheme
Work from home reimbursements
Coverage and support of personal development initiatives (conferences, courses, etc)
An awesome parental leave policy
A friendly, welcoming, and supportive culture
Our social and team events (virtually!)

StackAdapt is a diverse and inclusive team of collaborative, hardworking individuals trying to make a dent in the universe. No matter who you are, where you are from, who you love, follow in faith, disability (or superpower) status, ethnicity, or the gender you identify with (if you’re comfortable, let us know your pronouns), you are welcome at StackAdapt. If you have any requests or requirements to support you throughout any part of the interview process, please let our Talent team know.

About StackAdapt

StackAdapt is a self-serve programmatic advertising platform used by the most exceptional digital marketers. This state-of-the-art platform is where some of the most progressive work in machine learning meets cutting-edge user experience. Ad buyers plan, execute, and manage data-driven digital advertising campaigns across all devices, inventory, and publisher partners. StackAdapt is a Top 100 Software Product on G2, being the only DSP on the Best Software Products and Highest Satisfaction lists.

We've been recognized for our high performing campaign conversion rates, award-winning customer service, and innovation by numerous industry publications including:

#1 DSP on G2 and leader in the Video and Cross-Channel Advertising Categories

Top 5 on Ad Age's 2022 Best Places to Work

Great Place to Work® named StackAdapt as one of Canada’s Best Workplaces for Start-ups in 2021

A Top Growing Company in Canada based on the Globe and Mail's 2020 Business Report

Named a Technology Fast 50™ Program Winner for 2021