You can apply to multiple jobs at once using the shortlist tool. You currently have 0 jobs shortlisted.

View your shortlisted jobs

We are looking for a talented data scientist, with a passion for applying their craft to sythetic biology, to join our group of data scientists and machine learning engineers in the Industrial, Consumer and Energy division. The group does machine learning, computer vision, robotics, Bayesian inference, signal processing, sensing, modelling and more – whatever it takes for whatever we’re making. We have the privilege to work with a wide range of ambitious clients who want to develop new technology. As a result we work across a huge range of projects, from laboratory and industrial automation to hyperspectral imaging of skin.

We are looking for a candidate who is motivated by the idea of applying their data analysis and modelling skills to real-world engineering, especially the synthetic biology domain.

What you will be doing!

You will be responsible for implementing and evaluating algorithms as part of our many technology development projects. Often you will work as part of a multi-disciplinary team. You'll have to get your head round the data you're working with which can range from imagery to radar to amino acid sequences and use that understanding to help design the right algorithms that will help achieve the project's goals.

Practical software experience, especially in Python, MATLAB or R, could help you get off to a flying start here, as could a Masters degree or PhD in a relevant subject, but these are not essential. Our collaborative and supportive working environment allows our engineers to quickly develop their skills and knowledge in unfamiliar areas.

This role provides a valuable opportunity to work alongside and learn from more experienced colleagues in both your own and related fields. As you grow in experience you will get the opportunity to take on increasingly challenging tasks and will start to take on more responsibility for interactions with our clients, working with others to identify and define the technical solutions that will solve their problems.

While we take the quality of our work very seriously, you will find that we have a friendly and informal work environment. While work can be hectic when deadlines loom, we care about having a healthy work-life balance.

What you can bring!

A Successful Candidate Will Have The Ability To
Communicate with peers and clients to understand their problems and present thinking
Use mathematics and data science first principles to solve complex problems
Create and propose elegant algorithm and analytics solutions
Obtain and analyse simulated/empirical test data to gain insights into system and component level performance
Skills And Experiences That Are Desirable, But Not Essential
Bioinformatics, especially Omics
Knowledge of metabolic engineering
Microbiology or molecular biology domain knowledge
Design of experiment for collection of microbiological data (e.g. products, metabolites, genetic sequence)
Development of predictive models using microbiological data and domain knowledge
Development of control algorithms for microbial culture e.g. bioreactor control
Learn About Life At CCWhat To Expect When Applying

You can apply to multiple jobs at once using the shortlist tool. You currently have 0 jobs shortlisted.

View your shortlisted jobs

Benefits
Competitive salary reviewed annually
Company profit share
Generous pension
Hybrid working model
Flexible working hours and location
25 days annual leave plus public holidays, with flexibility to carry over / borrow
Comprehensive insurance - Life, disability, private healthcare and travel insurance (business & leisure)
Enhanced family leave benefit of 13 weeks full-pay parental leave for those that meet qualifying criteria
Career development and training opportunities
Social committee
Discounted train season tickets, through Travel Plan Plus
If travelling to Cambridge by train; Free shuttle service to/from Cambridge North train station, through Cambridge Science Park
Whilst in the office; Free canteen - breakfast, lunch & refreshments
A comprehensive relocation package is available, if applicable
Future prospects

Cambridge Consultants is committed to developing its employees' careers and has a flexible policy for individual capabilities and preferences. Promotion is linked to merit.

Diversity & Inclusion

Cambridge Consultants is a workplace where everyone is welcome. When the brightest minds come together and feel included, that’s when we develop the most important technology breakthroughs. We believe that diversity can only flourish when everyone feels involved and has a sense of belonging. We welcome and value all people regardless of their characteristics and encourage applications from all backgrounds and dimensions of society.