It’s undeniable: Pets truly make the world a better place. That’s why we’re inspired to make A Better World For Pets™, a world where they’re healthy, happy and welcome. It's safe to say, at Mars Petcare, we're passionate about pets, and their health.

To deliver on this ambition of being Powered by Data strategy we need talent with expertise and experience of data science and advanced analytics to deliver multiple initiatives and join the change in data and pet- and pet-centric thinking across the entire Mars Petcare business.

The purpose of this role is to join and be an integral part of the expanding data science function and to deliver the Powered By Data project across Mars Petcare divisions using the ecosystem of data available.

This will involve building a clear understanding of the potential benefits that connected data and analytics can bring and supporting this vision with stakeholders. The role involves hands-on delivery of analytics and insight.

Collaboration with stakeholders will be important throughout to ensure the insights are actionable and that the business is ready to apply them to deliver the benefits. The role requires end-to-end expertise from data, analytics and insight delivery to stakeholder engagement and support of benefit realization.

This is a Senior Data Science role and we are searching for an experienced Analytics professional.

What are we looking for?
Extensive technical experience in delivering statistical analytics, data science and insight on large-scale data sets.
Experience in SKU level analytics to influence assortment, price and promotion decisions for leading Petcare brands.
Demonstrable experience using data science and advanced analytics to generate business value and change
Good knowledge of Python is required; Familiarity with PySpark is also desirable
Excellent communication skills to interact effectively with all levels of internal business stakeholders.
Truly inspired by, and want to live, our purpose of creating a better world for pets.
What would be your key responsibilities?
Application of data science approaches to predict the drivers of business performance and Pet/Pet Owner behaviour.
Design and implement machine learning techniques to maximise product and pet insights from Petcare Data Platform data sources.
Deliver high impact visualizations & statistical analysis to Influence Petcare decisions to make a better world for pets.
Collaborate with internal and external teams to ensure we focus on pet-centric product and service recommendations
What can you expect from Mars?
An industry competitive salary and benefits package, including excellent pension.
Pet-friendly offices, where your pets enjoyment, is as high on our agenda as yours.
A company that understands the importance of a work-life balance.
The chance to take hold of your own career, and develop personally and professionally.