Postdoctoral Fellow: Genomic Data Science

Cambridge, UK

Competitive Salary, Bonus & Benefits

Do you have expertise in large-scale data analysis and a passion for research on improving healthcare? AstraZeneca’s Centre for Genomics Research has an exciting opportunity for a Postdoctoral Researcher to contribute to its Genomic Initiative!

About AstraZeneca:

AstraZeneca is a global, science-led, patient-centred biopharmaceutical company focusing on discovering, developing, and commercialising prescription medicines for some of the world’s most serious diseases. But we’re more than a global leading pharmaceutical company. At AstraZeneca, we‘re dedicated to being a Great Place to Work and empowering employees to push the boundaries of science and fuel their entrepreneurial spirit. There’s no better place to make a difference in medicine, patients, and society.

About the Postdoc Programme:

Bring your expertise, apply your knowledge, follow the science, and make a difference.

Bring your expertise, apply your knowledge, follow the science, and make a difference. AstraZeneca’s Postdoc Programme is for self-motivated individuals looking to deliver exciting, high-impact projects in a collaborative, engaging and innovative environment. You'll work with multidisciplinary scientific teams from a diverse set of backgrounds and a world-class academic mentor specifically aligned to your project. Our postdocs are respected as specialists, encouraged to speak up, and supported to share their research at conferences, publish papers, achieve their goals, and make a difference to our patients.

This is a 3-year programme. 2-years will be a Fixed Term Contract, with a 1-year extension which will be merit-based.

About the Opportunity:

Fuelled by next-generation sequencing, human genetics research has provided unprecedented insights into revealing mechanisms of many diseases and brought great value to drug development. The Centre for Genomics Research (CGR) is an AstraZeneca initiative involving the generation and analysis of genetic data in participants from AstraZeneca clinical studies and large population cohorts, including the 500,000-participant UK Biobank study. These enable

AstraZeneca to identify genetic determinants of disease risk, validate new targets for medicines, and improve patient stratification opportunities among the core areas of oncology, respiratory, immunology, cardiovascular, renal, and metabolic disease.

Clonal haematopoiesis (CH), defined by the presence of clonal somatic variants in the blood of individuals without a haematological malignancy, is increasingly recognised as a major driver of both oncological and non-oncological diseases. However, the underlying mechanisms, downstream sequelae and opportunities for therapeutic intervention remain poorly understood.

As a Postdoctoral Fellow, you will lead and perform computational genomic analyses on large-scale cohort studies to identify CH. Combining classical and Machine Learning (ML) statistical models, you will incorporate additional multi-omic data (e.g., phenomics, proteomics and metabolomics) to understand the role of CH in disease development. You will work closely with other members of the Centre for Genomics Research and collaborators, regularly present your research results internally and externally at conferences, and also drive the writing of manuscripts for publication.

This is a unique opportunity to use innovative data science and machine learning methods. You’ll benefit from AstraZeneca’s privileged access to the dense phenotypic and linked multi-omic datasets in the UK Biobank and other large-scale genomic biobanks to characterise the role of CH in the aetiologies and trajectories of diverse diseases.

You will be supervised by Dr Jonathan Mitchell, Senior Data Scientist and Dr Andrew Harper, Director Physician from AstraZeneca. You will also receive external academic guidance and mentorship from George Vassiliou, Professor of Haematological Medicine at the University of Cambridge.

Qualification, Skills & Experience:

Essential Requirements

PhD in Statistical Genetics / Computational Biology / Bioinformatics / Biostatistics / Mathematics / Physics / Computer Science or a related field
Expertise in programming appropriate to large-scale genomics analysis (e.g., Python, R, BASH)
Proven experience in large-scale data analysis and applied statistics
Track record of first-authored work published in peer-reviewed scientific journals
Strong communication and team-working skills

Desirable Requirements

Expertise analysing human whole exome or genome sequencing data
Understanding of advanced analytics, including machine learning
Experience in high-performance and cloud computing
Understanding of the potential application of genomics to drug discovery and precision medicine approaches

Why Should You Apply?

Lead a project working with world-leading experts in large-scale human genomics, both within AstraZeneca and at the University of Cambridge
Enjoy privileged access to the clinical genomics database at AstraZeneca’s Centre for Genomics Research, one of the largest globally, and multi-omics data for a subset of these individuals
Conduct research with the potential to improve our clinical understanding of CH
Publish findings in high-impact, peer-reviewed journals

Ready for an exciting, rewarding challenge? Apply today!

Advert Opens: Wednesday 7th September 2022

Advert Closes: Sunday 9th October 2022