If you are a computational Sociologist/Social Scientist, then Ofcom needs you. You will already be using analytical tools to bring data to life and will be someone who can explain what that data means to technology experts and policy makers alike. Ofcom’s journey in helping to shape better policy for a safer online experience is gaining real momentum and you will join PhD level ‘Technologists’ as part of a group who research current and emerging tech, leading teams through various phases that lead to policy formation.


Work activities can be based in either London or Manchester

Team Overview
Ofcom is the regulator for the communications services that we use and rely on each day. We make sure people get the best from their broadband, home phone and mobile services, as well as keeping an eye on TV and radio. We also oversee the universal postal service, look after the airwaves used by wireless devices, and help to make sure people don’t get scammed and are protected from bad practices.

We have recently taken on the regulation of video-sharing platforms, and we are preparing for a role in protecting people from online harms. Protecting consumers is at the heart of what we do.

Our culture is clear - we live by our values: Empowerment; Excellence; Collaboration; Agility and Respect. The behaviours which support these values set the path for a fully inclusive and innovative culture at Ofcom. We focus not only on what we do, but how we do it. We pride ourselves on being an organisation of people who genuinely care about helping others.

The Data Innovation Hub works with colleagues across the whole organisation to improve Ofcom’s capability to process, analyse and extract insights from data. This includes developing capabilities in various aspects of machine and deep learning as Ofcom prepares for and then takes on new duties as the UK’s regulator for Online Safety.

Purpose of the Role
The successful candidate will play a leading role in designing and delivering a programme of work, which undertakes analysis of large scale, complex online data sets, to develop our understanding of online services. This is a senior role in the Data and Innovation Hub, leading a team of engineers and setting strategic direction.

You will use your expertise in computational social science to lead the design and delivery of research and data analysis to generate novel insights into consumer’s interactions with technology and online services, such as: individual and collective online behaviours, drivers of virality of content, impact of design choices etc, to inform the work of the Online Safety regulatory regime.

Working with colleagues across the Online Safety and Video Sharing Platform programmes, you will develop the substantive scientific questions which will drive the data analysis. Through collaboration with data engineering and ICT teams, you will ensure that we have access to the right data and the supporting scalable computational tools. You will provide the technical leadership for the development and application of novel methods to deliver innovative and robust analysis and advise ICT on methods for productionising data and insight tools.

In collaboration with colleagues across analytical and technology teams you will also support the engagement with wider research communities, including regulated companies and academics. The successful candidate will inform our awareness, and appraisal, of the evolving research and analytical landscape (methods, tools, reports etc) and communicate this knowledge to teams at Ofcom.

Key responsibilities
Be a visible leader and inspire best practice in your team and other teams, building an understanding the variety of research and data science methods and how they can be effectively applied to support Ofcom’s Online Safety objectives.
Work with other analytical teams (machine learning, behavioural science, statistics, economics etc) to collaborate on achieving the overall research goals for Ofcom’s Online Safety programme.
Own and lead the development of a programme of data analysis to support of related business and policy questions. Including guiding the work of other team members, manging stakeholders and budgets where appropriate.
Coordinate with data engineering and ICT teams to ensure analysts can source, access, manipulate and engineer data needed, from a range of sources, and have the tools they need for their work. Taking projects through to production where appropriate.
Ensure the outputs and results of the team are communicated robustly and with impact, to a range of technical and non-technical audiences
Maintain an awareness of, and utilise, an evolving range of data analysis techniques, and tools, including open source. Be able to identify opportunities to implement, and support the team to deploy new skills as and when required
Provide methodological and technical advice and guidance to less experienced colleagues, including ensuring compliance with our relevant data and information security principles
Support colleagues in engagement with external stakeholders on a data and analytical related topics, including external researchers, academics, and product teams.

Skills, knowledge and experience
You will need to demonstrate knowledge or experience of:
Demonstrable experience in managing a team, including setting strategic direction: experience of leading a team and managing the performance and development of team members.
Strong project management abilities, including excellent organisational skills to manage and prioritise a range of work, projects, and ad hoc requests.
Translating complex technical or social problems into innovative analytical projects, then leading the delivery of research programmes with tangible outcomes
Experience with a range of appropriate data and analytic tools (such as Python, R, Power BI, Azure Databricks, or equivalent), and cloud computing environments, for the large-scale analysis of complex data sets.
Expert understanding of a range of different analytical and research methods, their appropriate application, strengths and limitations. (For example, but not limited to: data exploration, statistical modelling, network analysis, clustering/segmentation, visualisation etc)
Applying scientific methods through experimental design, exploratory data analysis and hypothesis testing to reach robust conclusions. Experience of working in and across inter-disciplinary analytical teams would be preferable.
Acting as a thought leader within the analytical community, including through management and development of junior staff and others’ projects
Exploring and advocating ways of utilising new data science tools and techniques to tackle policy and research challenges, drawing on the application of, and innovation in online services industries, academia, and other sectors
Strong interpersonal skills and evidence of ability to interact effectively with a range of stakeholders at all levels, both internally and externally, to provide advice, communicate technical concepts and analytical results across organisational and technical boundaries
Establishing a strong team spirit, demonstrating flexibility and adaptability, and supporting a culture of collaboration and trust

Qualifications
Degree in a numerate discipline, computer science or IT equivalent which demonstrates core statistical skills, such as Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics (this is not a definitive list). Having expertise in computational or social sciences and data and analytics would be a bonus.
Demonstrable experience in data science or equivalent role