A Little About Us…

When Rightangled received its first NHS backing in 2017, we wanted to see a change in the way testing was performed and delivered to our close family members. We had a vision to personalise the way treatments are administered and prescribed; Our mission today is to change the status quo. We believe that the future of healthcare lies in precision medicine coupled with advanced digital tools. Our goal is to enable the use of medical technologies in everyday life so that we can improve the health and wellness of our users. Today, Rightangled is a CQC registered health-tech company based in Hammersmith, London and we are rapidly expanding our healthcare services across the UK.

About The Role:

Our Data Scientist is someone who is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. The candidate will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing data. We are looking for an energetic and enthusiastic person, who is passionate about healthcare. Ideally you would have previous experience within a health tech scale up.

What you'll be doing:
Solving problems with the best data-science techniques and the scientific method
Communicating technical content at the right level both internally and to customers
Seeking out innovative ways to help Rightangled grow
Explore, evaluate, and capitalise on risks and opportunities
Actively participate in the development of engineering roadmaps bringing together evolution, economics, performance, and business and customer KPIs
Explore new market opportunities where the company could expand further
Communicating clear recommendations and action plans
Data understanding - identifying and validating sources of data
Business understanding – capturing and proactively initiating analysis requirements and defining success metrics
What you will need:
Minimum 5 years experience as a Data Scientist
Previous experience working within the healthcare/medtech system in a similar role
Experience using common machine learning algorithms as evidenced by previous work or side projects
Ability to think creatively when an innovative solution is necessary
Always curious and willing to learn new skills
A problem solver with a deep analytical mindset
Ability to think creatively and insightfully about business problems
A critical thinker with very strong attention to detail
Proficiency with analytical tools
A pragmatic, flexible approach, where you most care about achieving impact
What we’re looking for…

Rightangled is being scaled up by young and mighty professionals. We strive for diversity, growth mindsets, and excellent work ethics. We believe in meritocracy and redefining standards. We are looking for talented, determined, ambitious, autonomous people to join our family & be part of our story.

The Benefits:

Competitive salary

Annual discretionary performance bonus

All the latest tech you need

Discounted Gym membership

Private Medical Insurance