Senior Data Scientist, Permanent

Edinburgh, Flexible/Hybrid working available

Excellent Salary & Benefits

Our purpose

The Tesco name comes with a dedication to customer service excellence, but Tesco Bank offers something more: a fresh approach to finance. While it’s an innovation, ours is a business built on the next development, the evolution to come. For forward-thinking, technical professionals, that means making a wide-ranging and long-lasting impact in an organisation that’s changing the face of banking for our customers. We're on a mission to make our customers happier and more successful by putting them in control of their finances.

The Role

This is an exciting opportunity to join a forward looking, customer centric bank and a vibrant Analytics department. Working with us you will be developing and implementing predictive models using traditional and cutting edge techniques that make better decisions for the business and customers. Excellent service and dedication to the customer are at the heart of Tesco. This role is about bringing a new approach to personal finances and retail banking.
Working in Agile projects, lead the build of predictive models, applying data science techniques to model customer behaviours which drive profit and loss signature to help inform business decisions.
Engage with stakeholders to gather requirements of commercial and credit risk problems and translate into analytical solutions which ensure wider bank goals are achieved.
Translate the output of complex analytical solutions to stakeholders into transparent and actionable business insight to gain buy-in to implement.
Mentor junior Data Science colleagues and be an advocate for Data Science across the Customer Division.
Keep abreast of Data Science innovation ensuring the techniques used are the most appropriate for the situation and the tools are best suited for the job. Be a knowledge point for queries regarding predictive analytics.
Be innovative and think about solutions from a different perspective. Explore new sources of data, techniques and implementation routes.
Feed into the Analytics Learning environment with continual development of new techniques.
Collaborate with other Data Scientists to deliver the best solutions to tackle Use Cases that will bring a step change to the business. Ensure that our models are built and used within a robust model governance framework.
Provide support to the other areas of Analytics and the wider Customer division to enable them to meet objectives.

What you’ll bring

We work with the following tech stack, we don’t expect you to tick every box, and if you feel you hit most of the brief, it’s worth exploring to further develop your career here with us at Tesco Bank.
Experience of using data science and predictive modelling to tackle business problems, preferably in banking, commercial or credit risk.
Background in maths/stats, computer science.
Grasp of profit / loss drivers in retail banking and an understanding of credit risk principles and application.
Working in a project environment with time bound deliverables
Experience of R, Python, SQL and SAS plus AWS desirable

How to apply

We value our people and diverse team and believe the variety of backgrounds and experiences make us stronger to achieve our goals. We encourage colleagues to be productive, focus on meaningful work, and look for ways to further develop themselves & career, and have an excellent work/life balance.

Our colleagues are working remotely. Looking to the future, we are excited to understand our ‘new normal' and are committed to exploring the opportunities that a hybrid working environment could bring for our wider team. If you’re interested in finding out more about what a career at Tesco Bank looks like, click apply to find out more!