Data Science Analyst - South-East London - up to £55k

Are you a talented Data Scientist looking for a new challenge?

My fast-growing and innovative client in the financial services industry is looking for a Data Scientist with strong experience in building ML models, Python, and good experience working with SQL Server.

This role will give you an opportunity to work with the latest technologies and progress within the company.

The Role

Building data pipelines
Building Machine Learning models and algorithms
Work closely with stakeholders

Technical Skill-Set

Strong experience in building ML models - 2 years
Strong hands-on experience with Python
Strong experience working with SQL Server
Strong experience with PySpark

Nice to have

Experience with MS Azure Technologies

Culture

Agile
Innovative
Technology-driven
Fast-Paced
Collaborative
Diverse team
Good work-life balance

Benefits Package

Base Salary - up to £55,000 p/a (depending on your skill-set)
Private medical insurance
Pension
Opportunities for career development
Industry-leading training
Plus much more

Other

Hybrid Working - 2 days in the office (Office in South-East London)

This is the brief description of the role, for the full information, simply apply to the role and I will call you to discuss.

This is an exclusive client to Nigel Frank International.

My client is looking to begin the interview process ASAP, so don't miss out, APPLY now!

If this wasn't exactly the role you were looking for, please apply to this role anyway, just highlight what you are looking for, apply with your CV with a brief overview of what you are looking for (The role, top 3 techs, location, salary).

I will call you to discuss your skill-set further, there may be other roles I am working on that you may be suited for.

I specialise in Microsoft BI, SQL Server and Azure Analytics recruitment here at Nigel Frank International, specialising in the placement of highly-skilled candidates in various IT positions (Engineers, Analysts, Architects, Consultants, Project Managers, Management etc.).

We're the proud sponsor and supporter of SQLBits, Power Platform World Tour, the London Power BI User Group, Newcastle Power BI User Group and Newcastle Data Platform and Cloud User Group.

Twitter: @NigelFrank_BI

LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/gabi-witas-90153818a/

Email: g.witas@nigelfrank.com

Phone: 0191 594 9729

Please Note: This is a permanent role. This role is for UK residents only. This role does not offer Sponsorship. You must have the right to work in the UK with no restrictions. Some of our roles may be subject to successful background checks including a DBS and Credit Check.