Lead Data Scientist

Knutsford

As a Barclays Lead Data Scientist you will be joining the team at an exciting time. We are developing state-of-the-art large-scale Machine Learning solutions on huge amounts of data. As part of the ML team, you will work with the data experts to create business-impacting solutions.

Barclays is one of the world's largest and most respected financial institutions, with 329 years of success, quality and innovation behind us. We offer careers that provide endless opportunity – helping millions of individuals and businesses thrive, and creating financial and digital solutions that the world now takes for granted.

This opportunity is location flexible. We will consider requests for locating the role at an alternative Barclays’ key UK office from that advertised.

What will you be doing?

You will be working on data science use cases end-to-end from data discovery to operationalizing
Understanding the Machine Learning, data mining and statistical techniques to create scalable solutions for business problems
Experimenting & identifying best methods echniques, algorithms for issues
Helping to build best-in-class solution architecture, standards, best practices for Machine learning
Working with business, technology, and control groups to define/refine scope, data source, statistical elements, system integration
You will also be managing the delivery of the data models

What We’re Looking For

Deep understanding of machine learning and data mining, including tools and processes
Hands of experience and knowledge around feature engineering, dimension reduction and model optimization using gradient decent, PCA etc
Experience of AWS services esp to deliver AIML solution
Experience in delivering NLP, Chatbots solution

Skills That Will Help You In The Role

An MSc/PhD in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science or a highly quantitative field
Understand business context, study related data sources, build descriptive statistics and develop machine/deep learning models. Evaluation and finalization of analytical models
Experience working with large data sets in order to extract business insights or build predictive models
Broad knowledge of applied mathematics (probability, statistics, linear algebra)

Where will you be working?

You will be based in Radbroke, Knutsford. The Barclays Technology Campus just outside Manchester is our tech command centre and a vital strategic powerhouse behind our global operations. The campus is set in a 64 acre self-contained site, in a beautiful green environment and it offers unrivalled facilities for work and for play. We have an onsite gym, as well as outdoor tennis, football and cricket areas, as well as onsite restaurant and coffee shops.

Hybrid Working

We are currently operating in a hybrid working environment, meaning that many colleagues spend part of their working hours at home and part in the office, depending on the nature of the role they are in. Please discuss the detail of the working pattern options for the role with the hiring manager.