FactSet's Truvalue Lab’s Environment Social Governance (ESG) offering is at the epicenter of three major trends shaping the asset investment management industry: the rise of ESG integration, the exponential growth of unstructured data, and major advances in the field of artificial intelligence. As a part of FactSet, the Truvalue Lab’s solutions are used by Asset Managers, Asset Owners and Hedge funds globally. The market for ESG is rapidly accelerating with several major Asset Managers and Asset Owners as customers.

As leaders in this space it is critical that we continue to innovate and architect our systems to meet the ongoing challenges of building solutions for the financial investment client space. This role is for a Senior Data Scientist / ML Engineer who will be joining a seasoned team of engineers.

The Senior Data Scientist works with Director of AI to advance a roadmap for management and growth of information systems and is responsible for developing NLP and ML systems working on large volumes of unstructured text and document metadata.

Join us as we architect the next generation platform.

What you will be doing?
Bring your experience within the team
Participate to different projects as data scientist / ML engineer
Help conceive solutions with ML and NLP
Make sure to align with business needs
Deliver clean, well-tested code that’s reliable, maintainable, and scalable
Build predictive models and communicate results with stakeholders
Deploy working solutions
Develop dashboards and other visualizations for financial experts.
Ingest and analyze structured and unstructured data
Develop processes for data collection, quality assessment, and quality control.
Keep up to date / share your passions
Stay up to date with state-of-the-art approaches and technological advancement
Share your passion for science, ML, technology, …
Collaborate with other ML teams
Who you are?
You have senior experience with Machine Learning and NLP
You have a successful history of writing production grade code and releasing in an enterprise environment.
You are a team player
You have strong analytical skills
You are fluent in English; you can communicate about complex subjects to non-technical stakeholders
You master: python, pandas and numpy
You develop linear models and classifiers for reporting and analytics
You are expert with machine learning frameworks (sklearn …) and ML workflows
You are familiar with NLP libraries and text preprocessing (nltk, SpaCy, Stanza, Flair, Polyglot, gensim, language models, ... )
You have BS or MS in Computer Science or Mathematics related field.
You have 3+ years of experience in development of Machine Learning or NLP systems

It is great if you have:
Experience with Neural Networks / Deep Learning.
Experience with information extraction, parsing and segmentation,
Knowledge on ontologies, taxonomy resolution and disambiguation.
Experience in Unsupervised Learning techniques Density Estimation, Clustering and Topic Modelling.
Experience with Docker and API development
Experience with cloud environments: AWS, Azure, GCP, …
Experience in data visualization tools like DataViz, Graphana, Apache Superset…
Experience with business intelligence tools like Tableau or PowerBI.
Experience with modern data platforms such as Spark, Hadoop or other map/reduce big data systems and services.

At FactSet, we celebrate diversity of thought, experience, and perspective. We are committed to disrupting bias and conducting a transparent hiring process.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or veteran status.