Your New Company

Your new organisation will be an innovate technology provider who've transformed the market for the world leading partners that are their customers. Due to their continued success they're seeking a Data Scientist to work closely with the Engineering teams developing algorithms and performing regressions to accurately improve the effectiveness and predictiveness of their services.

Your new role

Within this role, you'll use your knowledge of Data Driven Science to solve problems and support the daily activities of the Data Science function. You'll work with relevant technologies, tools and processes to deliver quality solutions and contribute to the success of the team and projects, conducting interactions with clients and colleagues to update, feedback and deliver news regarding pieces of work you are involved in. You'll proactively identify, suggest and assist in the delivery of improvements, to ensure the business and team are constantly moving forward and raising the bar. You'll contribute heavily into the timely delivery of projects and products; managing the quality of your own work, in order to ensure the best product is delivered within the specified time frame. Lastly, you'll analyse and break down tasks and information, seeking guidance and support

from peers when required, to ensure you’re working with a fair level of autonomy.

What You'll Need To Succeed

To be successful within this role, you should be able to demonstrate a proven track record of ability to quickly adapt to and exploit new and cutting edge technology/ techniques, with a relevant degree or qualification in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, or related subject. You should have a broad knowledge of programming and scripting, with a particular focus in Python, NumPy, Pandas, scikit-learn and Matplotlib libraries. Prior experience of developing and delivering viable 'big-data' analytics solutions and Data Mining algorithms and statistical tools. Alongside your technical skills you should be able to communicate effectively with external and internal parties, with an ability to identify, develop and deliver commercially viable analytical solutions via research projects.

Desirable Skills
Experience of client interaction (financial sector)
Experience of productionising data science algorithms in Java, using continuous integration
Proven track record of involvement in complex applications
Experience with UNIX / LINUX command line and other programming languages (e.g. R)
Experience in presenting and visualising the output of big data analytics
What You'll Get In Return

This award winning organisation offer a fantastic working environment and a benefits package including a pension, lifestyle savings, cycle to work scheme, sharesave offering and travel loans.

What You Need To Do Now

If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.

If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. #3964552