The Role:

We are seeking a Senior Data Scientist to work alongside our CDO to establish Data Science capabilities at Canopius Group.

The role leads the creation of advanced analytical models and tools to support strategic decision making and to enable the business to extract value from data. They are responsible for defining the standards and best practise approaches for model lifecycle management.

They will work directly with stakeholders at all levels of the organisation from scoping requirements to communicating insights.

Significant commercial experience of working in a data science / data analytics team is essential, with a keen ability to problem solve and rapidly prototype and innovate to meet business requirements. Experience of Databricks is vital.

Succesful candidate needs to be based in the UK with the ability to come into the office for an average of two days per week.

Main Responsibilities:

Defining and embedding policies and procedures for the creation and maintenance of Data Science tools and capabilities
Collaborating with business users to scope, design, develop and test advanced analytical solutions
Managing the model registry, versioning, CI/CD and governance
Monitoring models to ensure they remain performant and produce effective outputs for data-driven decision making
Ensuring capabilities are re-used across the organisation to avoid duplication
Managing priorities and the roadmap of planned work
Onboarding other analysts onto our collaborative hub to facilitate knowledge sharing and joint improvement of models

Skills and Experience:

Academic background in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (or equivalent highly quantitative field)
Excellent Python and SQL programming skills
Experience in building machine learning models using frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch
Experience of working with Databricks
Strong analytical and problem-solving ability
Detailed technical knowledge of statistical methods and machine learning techniques
Experience with data visualisation tools such as Power BI
Effective communication and presentation skills, with a keen attention to detail
Exceptional stakeholder management skills; collaborating with people from all areas of the organisation and at all levels

Personal Qualities:

Confidence
Proactivity
Adaptability
Positivity

About Canopius

Canopius is a global specialty lines (re)insurer. We are one of the leading insurers in the Lloyd’s of London insurance market with offices in the UK, US, Singapore, Australia and Bermuda.

At Canopius we foster a distinctive, positive culture which enables us to bring our whole selves to work to flourish as people, and build a business which delivers profitable, sustainable results.

Based in incredible new offices in the heart of the City of London, Canopius operates a flexible, hybrid working model and is committed to providing an environment that challenges employees to be their best and where everyone's unique contributions are recognised, valued and respected.

We offer all employees a comprehensive benefits package that focuses on their whole wellbeing. Canopius’ market-leading proposition offers financial, physical, social and psychological health and wellbeing benefits to ensure we create a working experience which gives everyone the freedom to do their best work.

We are fully committed to equal employment opportunities for all applicants and providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions are made regardless of age, sex, gender identity, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation, socio-economic background, religion or beliefs, marital or caring status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. We encourage and welcome applicants from all diverse backgrounds.

We make reasonable adjustments throughout the recruitment process and during employment. Please let us know if you require any information in an alternate format or any other reasonable adjustments.