Job Title: Data Scientist

Location: Bristol

Are you able to use your data science expertise to develop predictive and prescriptive solutions in a scientific environment? Are you looking for a position in which you can utilize advanced Machine Learning technologies to deliver cloud based digital services? Do you want to do this in an ambitious, fast-growing, international company with a friendly and inclusive culture? Then this might be your chance to become a part of our data science team!

In this role you will join a team of world-class Data Scientists at our fabulous facility in Bristol, collaborating with outstanding software engineers and scientists working on challenging data analytics and modelling problems in exciting scientific fields. You will most likely be a dynamic over-achiever with an inquisitive mind and a thirst for new challenges, and you will be able to demonstrate expertise in many of: Python, Scikit-learn, Keras / Pytorch / TensorFlow, PCA, Autoencoders, Object detection, CycleGANS, Chemometric modelling, and other standard techniques.

What are your responsibilities?

As a commercially aware computing/data science professional with a high level of technical competence you’ll become a core member of our data science team executing our digital transformation strategy to provide new digital services to our customer base
Utilizing Python as the core development language you will build models which can run in the cloud or on-board an instrument which will enhance the capabilities of our world-class scientific solutions portfolio
You’ll work in cross-functional teams building cloud based digital services in Microsoft Azure utilizing state of the art technologies such as: Prefect, DAPR, Kubernetes, Ray and Docker

What do you need to be successful in this role?

You will most likely be a dynamic over-achiever with an inquisitive mind and a thirst for new challenges
You’ll have an excellent educational background including at least one of: Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, Machine Learning Engineering
You’ll have at least three years’ experience in data science in a commercial environment.

Great to have?

Experience in scientific or engineering fields
An “anything is possible” mentality: we aim high!
Experience working in an Agile environment with cross-functional teams.
Experience with MLOps

When you join?

Your career will take off with a comprehensive induction programme. We then continue to support and develop our employees by improving their skills, knowledge and performance by in-house, on-the-job training, and external training.
We value entrepreneurship and commitment by offering real career possibilities.
You become part of a growing company where you can shape the future of our work processes.
Flexi-time (core hours 10.00am - 12.00pm and 2.00pm - 3.00pm) to help you to achieve a good work-life balance.

YES, I WANT THIS JOB!

Please click APPLY NOW to submit your CV and cover letter.