Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.

As a member of the Media Strategy and Performance team, you'll help to drive efficiency of Sky's marketing plans through enabling the econometrics function to thrive.

What you'll do:

You’ll be working onsite with colleagues 2-3 days per week as part of flexible working

Empower a team of econometricians from a range of levels, by helping to design a structured end to end project delivery process
Build and improve the automated processes to speed up the provision, pipeline and processing of data from source to modelling solution
Work with the advanced analytics team to provide tools including media optimisation, competitor and pricing insight to relevant stakeholders
Maintain and improve the internally built econometrics modelling platform to continue the expansion of the team’s capability
Create a suite of dashboards to visualise the data that is collected as well showing a concise view of model outputs to be shared around the business
Collaborate with wider consumer strategy colleagues to champion the reputation of the department across Sky.

What you'll bring:

A numerate degree such as Computer Science, Economics, Econometrics, Maths or Statistics
A passion for using advanced statistical techniques to convert observable data into actionable recommendations
Self-motivation, an enthusiastic attitude, and the adaptability to work in a fast paced and dynamic commercial context
Experience automating data processes and working with data engineers to ensure a timely end-to-end workflow
Experience with Linear Regression, Python, SQL, version control through GitHub/GitLab and Object-Oriented Programming
Experience building data visualizations and dashboards (e.g., Tableau or similar BI solution)
Desirable but not essential is experience of GCP/AWS and Bayesian Statistics

Consumer Strategy: We see the big picture across the Consumer Group; creating insight-led strategies which deliver great value for consumers and drive sustainable long-term growth for Sky

We bring the best from the global market into Sky – we buy technology, marketing, corporate, operational services and editorial production solutions. We are an international team working with our stakeholders our partners to curate the most effective and efficient customer-led operating model. High ethical standards are embeded in our team, and we engage our supply chains in creating a sustainable future!

The Rewards:

There’s a reason people can’t stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:

Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband

Where you’ll work:

Osterley

Our Osterley campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Chiswick Park, Gunnersbury, Acton Town and Ealing Broadway tube stations. There's also plenty of parking, bike shelters and showers.

On campus you'll find six subsidised restaurants and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.

Inclusion:

Recognised as an ‘Inclusive Top 50 Employer’ and a ‘Times Top 50 Employer for Women’, we’re working hard to ensure we’re a truly inclusive place to work. This means we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and the potential you’ll bring to Sky. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we’re happy to discuss flexible working!

And we’ll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.