Description

Come and build innovative services that protect our cloud from security threats.

As an Amazon Security Data Scientist, you’ll help to build and manage services that detect and automate the mitigation of cybersecurity threats across Amazon’s infrastructure. You’ll work with security engineers, software development engineers, and other data scientists across multiple teams to develop innovative security solutions at massive scale. Our services protect the AWS cloud for all customers and preserves our customers’ trust in us. You’ll get to use the full power and breadth of AWS technologies to build services that proactively protect every single AWS customer, both internally and externally, from security threats – not many teams can say that!

Our team is dedicated to supporting new team members. The team has a mix of experience levels, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior engineers, data scientists, and managers truly enjoy mentoring junior engineers, junior data scientists, and engineers from non-traditional backgrounds through one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews.

We care about your career growth. We assign projects and tasks based on what will help team members develop into a more well-rounded data scientist and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Our team is intentional about attracting, developing, and retaining amazing talent from diverse backgrounds. Yes, we do get to build a cool service, but we also believe a big reason for that is the inclusive and welcoming culture we cultivate every day.

We’re looking for a new teammate who is enthusiastic, empathetic, curious, motivated, reliable, and able to work effectively with a diverse team of peers. We want someone who will help us amplify the positive & inclusive team culture we’ve been building.

About Us

Inclusive Team Culture

Here at Amazon, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.


Basic Qualifications
BS degree and 4 years of relevant experience or MS degree and 2 years of experience
Hands-on professional experience with applying machine learning and other data science techniques to mitigate threats at scale in a production environment
2+ years of work experience in applying data science to physical security, network security, or fraud related problems
Industry experience using database languages, such as SQL, and common data science software development and statistical analysis tools (e.g., Python, R, Scikit-learn)
Demonstrated technical leadership in data science and/or machine learning (e.g., tech lead, data science leader, led analytic development effort, etc.)
Experience leading and coaching junior data scientists to improve their skills and effectiveness
Preferred Qualifications
MS or PhD in a STEM field
Experience extracting large sets of data, and designing ETL flows
Experience designing and deploying large scale analytic processing solutions using Spark, Scala, etc.
Strong sense of ownership combined with collaborative approach to overcoming challenges and influencing organizational change
All offers are conditional on references, verification of the right to work in the UK, and successful background screening check. This will include previous employment verification, qualification verification (if relevant) and a relevant criminal check.

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.


Company - Amazon Dev Centre (London) Ltd

Job ID: A1785838