Santander

Join our community.

The purpose of the role is to increase our Machine Learning capability within Santander UK by combining a wide range of technical skills with business knowledge to turn vast quantities of data into value.

The difference you'll make.

Managing specific initiatives within the portfolio, improving the Bank's understanding of Data Science and contributing to the Data Science roadmap, delivering specific projects within that portfolio.
Using advanced data science techniques and approaches to solve business problems and develop solutions that benefit our internal and external customers.
Devising and implementing best practice approaches for collaborative Data Science within Santander, particularly in relation to data preparation, code sharing and template.
Encouraging efficiency by delivering analysis that is complete and can be interrogated by consumers.
Working with senior stakeholders across the business to deliver projects.
Building controls into every production process; able to work independently and to adopt Agile working.

What you'll bring.

Applied Data Science expertise with extensive knowledge of Data Science techniques, having used these across some or most of the following business problems: numeric prediction, classification & product recommendation business problems.
Proven ability to manage and motivate a variety of stakeholders, including third parties, in order to deliver successful projects.

It would also be nice for you to have.

Working knowledge on advance data science techniques such as random forests, clustering, regression, SVM, Neural Networks, etc; matched with experience with data analysis using some or most of the following languages R, Python, Scala, Hadoop etc.
Proactive and innovative mindset so to anticipate risk and issues and mitigate accordingly; including previous experience building controls into every production process while able to work independently and adopting agile working.
Master's Degree level or equivalent in a numerical subject such as data science, physics, engineering, or applied maths.
Team management experience (for Data Science Manager)

What else you need to know.

We will be conducting all interviews via telephone or video-conference where possible.

This is a hybrid role with an expectation to travel weekly into one of the main Santander offices.

This is a permanent position.

How we'll reward you.

As well as a competitive salary, you'll enjoy a benefits package that you can tailor to your needs.

Competitive salary plus a £500 annual cash allowance to spend on our great range of benefits.
Eligible for a discretionary performance-related annual bonus
Pension with generous contributions of up to 12.5% from Santander, depending on your own contribution and length of employment with us
30 days' holiday plus bank holidays, which increases to 31 days after 5yrs service, with the option to purchase up to 5 contractual days per year
£6,000 car allowance per year
Company funded individual private medical insurance
Voluntary healthcare benefits at discounted rates such as private medical insurance for your family, dental insurance, healthcare cash plan and health assessments
Benefits supporting you and your family, such as death-in-service benefit, income protection, and voluntary life assurance and critical illness cover
Share in Santander's success by investing in our share plans

#ThePlaceToBeYourself - Everyday Inclusion at Santander

We are committed to making sure all our colleagues feel they belong and are supported to succeed. Our customers come from a wide range of backgrounds, and so do our people, so we welcome applications from across society

A Bit More About Santander

At Santander we're driven by our purpose - to help people and businesses prosper. This means we help customers to create change for themselves and those around them, and we champion businesses to grow sustainably. We do this by always living our values of Simple, Personal and Fair.

At Santander, we each take personal responsibility for managing risk by embracing the I AM Risk framework - to Identify, Assess, Manage and Report risks, and to continuously build a deeper understanding of the risks we face. It is an important part of our culture at Santander and we will provide you with knowledge to help you manage risks in your role.

What to do next:-

If this sounds like a role you're interested in, then please apply.

If there's anything we can do in the recruitment process to help you achieve your best, get in touch. Whether it's a copy of our application form in another format or additional assistance, we're available through telephone, email, or face to face.

Why not join our talent community where we'll keep you updated with all the latest news and job information? Simply register your details on our careers site, 'Join our Talent Community'.