Are you a highly experienced Data Scientist looking for an exciting new challenge? If so, keep on reading as our client are looking for individuals just like you!

Due to continuous growth, our client is now expanding their team and on the lookout for a Data Scientist to join them in Manchester.

What can they offer you in return?
Competitive salary with market benchmark
Bonus scheme based on personal and company performance
33 days holiday (includes bank holidays)
4% pension contribution & pension advice
Health cash plan (plus free balance for dependants up to the age of 16)
2 x Life Assurance
Enhanced Maternity/Adoption/Paternity Pay
Enhanced sick pay
Car Scheme (after 1 years' service)
Income Protection
2 x days holiday buy/sell
Voucher/Tech scheme
Cycle-to-work scheme
Birthday takeaway voucher
Benefits portal with access to a wide range of retailer discounts
What will I be responsible for?

As a Data Scientist, you will extract, analyse, and interpret large amounts of data from a range of sources, using algorithmic, data mining, artificial intelligence, machine learning and statistical tools to make it accessible. Once you've interpreted the data, you'll present your results using clear and engaging language.

You'll Be Working Towards Two Prime Objectives

You'll be working on the data products initiative, designing and building new products and services for our customer base.
Helping customers save money and improve their creditworthiness
Developing data-driven capabilities to automate our intelligence
You'll be joining a new capability within the business so you will have the opportunity to make a major impact.

What do you need?

As the ideal Data Scientist, you'll be expected to bridge a multi-disciplined domain of the business, data and software with a natural consultancy style to understand problems and devise solutions. Demonstrating exceptional communication and presentation skills to explain your work to people who don't understand the mechanics behind data analysis.

As Part Of The Interview Process, We'll Be Interested In Your Experience Across The Following Disciplines

You'll have the drive and the resilience to try new ideas, and keep going in the face of adversity, so it's important that you're able to motivate yourself.
Probability and statistics
Multivariate calculus and linear algebra
Programming, packages and software such as R, Python and SQL
Data wrangling
Database management
Data visualisation
Machine learning / deep learning
About The Company

Our client is one of the UK's leading lending platforms. Their innovation and entrepreneurship in the lending sector, ensuring all their brands are at the forefront of the fields. They work with some of the most prestigious and growing financial institution globally.

If this sounds like the right career move for you, click apply to be their Data Scientist!

Our client are committed to equality and diversity. They ensure that a job criterion is relevant to the successful undertaking of the job. They do not indirectly disadvantage any persons on the grounds of gender, age, disability, race, ethnic origin, religious belief, sexual orientation or social status.