Job Description

Overview Of BNY Mellon:

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of March 31, 2022, BNY Mellon had $41.7 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.2 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com . Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

Responsibilities

Deliver on increasing complex analytics working with a cross functional team to deliver data products in line with business needs.
Collects, analyzes and communicate data insights from internal and external data sources and deliver insights with in standard framework that can be leverages to deliver business value.
Leverages simple to advanced data techniques to support making decisions from data with limited guidance.
Responsible for data projects from inception to delivery partnering with functional and subject mater experts.
Defines, creates and maintains analytics digitally modeling business opportunities through the use of information and advanced algorithms.
Conducts studies to provide additional facts needed to make informed decisions for organizational and functional business opportunities.
Communicates effectively with technical and business staff.
Develops reports, and prepares and delivers both informational and decision-seeking presentations.
Stays abreast of organization and management changes and has in-depth knowledge of company practices relevant to data science products.
Maintains knowledge of company's total computing environment and planned changes in order to develop meaningful data science products.
Grow and develop skills across the 3 domain specialties: model science, feature science and Insight science capabilities.
Expertise in the core functional areas: Computer Programming, Math&Analytic Methodology, Distributed computing and communications of complex results.
Contributes to the achievement of related teams' objectives

Requirements

Bachelor's degree in a related discipline or equivalent work experience required
Significant years of related experience required; experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus.

BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans. Our ambition is to build the best global team – one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve – and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums.

About Us

For over 230 years, the people of BNY Mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. Every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of BNY Mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. It's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. Make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers.