End Date

Friday 30 September 2022

Salary Range

£100,352 - £125,440

We support agile working – click here for more information on agile working options.

Agile Working Options

Other Agile Working Arrangements / Open to Discussion

Job Description

Job Description Summary

Lloyds Banking Group is the UK’s largest Digital, Retail and Commercial Bank with a focus on Helping Britain Prosper.

We’re on the mission to build the bank of the future, and we need your help do it!

Continuing our extensive transformation programme, we're redefining what a bank is from the inside out. Our technology, our culture, and our mind-set is changing to craft a true engineering-led organisation in which technology and data are key pillars of our transformation strategy.

Want to be part of our journey as a Bank to redefine our technology platforms? Passionate about the power to be unleashed when combining next generation cloud technology with customer data and insight? Want to join a diverse and ambitious team that is building the Bank of the future? If the answer to these questions is yes, we would love to hear from you…

Job Description

Lloyds Banking Group is the UK’s largest Digital, Retail and Commercial Bank with a focus on Helping Britain Prosper. We’re on the mission to build the bank of the future, and we need your help to do it!

Continuing our extensive transformation programme, we're redefining what a bank is from the inside out. Our technology, our culture, and our mind-set is changing to craft a true engineering-led organisation in which technology and data are key pillars of our transformation strategy.

Want to be part of our journey as a Bank to redefine our technology platforms? Passionate about the power to be unleashed when combining next generation cloud technology with customer data and insight? Want to join a diverse and ambitious team that is building the Bank of the future? If the answer to these questions is yes, we would love to hear from you…

Want to hear more?

Our Tooling Services team is looking for a Technology Data Engineering lead. You'll define, build, curate and run both products, tools and services based on public and private cloud capabilities to optimise our Operational and Resilience data strategy. You'll also deliver capabilities that support Data led insights, engineering and machine learning user journeys.

You'll work closely with the various data and enterprise architecture teams and programs to ensure the transition of LBG Enabling platforms in line with our data led objectives according to Lloyds’ cloud adoption and architecture frameworks and strategies. In addition, you'll proactively identify operational and technology resilience opportunities that you can enable to fulfil our data & platform objectives.

What You’ll Get Involved With
Define and deliver a set of operational and resiliency capabilities based on GCP, Azure and Private datacenter offerings
Leading and managing an organisation of data science engineering ensuring relevant training and upskilling plans are in place
Running and operating the products delivered (DevOps)
Supporting and enabling business platforms to self serve, in conjunction with the Enabling platforms
About You
Demonstrable knowledge of the AI, Machine Learning and Data Processing platforms
A proven track record in developing, implementing and maintaining AI, Machine Learning and advanced Data Processing approaches
Be product focused with the ability to define and engineer technical products, roadmaps, user journeys and APIs
Ability to define and review technical architectures
Ability to be hands on and create prototypes and MVP of the different platform products
Experience in working with CI/CD, DevOps approaches and a passion for automation.
Good knowledge of agile and lean start-up practices
Ability to translate platform consumers needs into technical products
We'll also give you a broad remuneration package which includes:
A performance share bonus
A generous pension contribution
A flex cash pot you can adjust to suit your lifestyle
Private health cover
30 days holiday plus bank holidays
Various share schemes including free shares
As a team we have all embraced working from home. We fully support the new developing workstyles, taking a flexible approach to future working as we have emerged from lockdown! Whilst we can't accommodate every option, we're happy to consider any flexible working request.

So, if you have a desire to work in a challenging Engineering role in a dynamic environment with quality at the heart of thinking, whilst gaining skills and experience within a friendly and motivated team then get in touch, we'd love to hear from you!

Together we make it possible.

At Lloyds Banking Group, we're driven by a clear purpose; to help Britain recover. Across the Group, our colleagues are focused on making a difference to customers, businesses and communities. With us you'll have a key role to play in shaping the financial services of the future, whilst the scale and reach of our Group means you'll have many opportunities to learn, grow and develop.

We're focused on creating a values-led culture and are committed to building a workforce which reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve. Together we’re building a truly inclusive workplace where all of our colleagues have the opportunity to make a real difference.