Job Id: 22499832

Citi’s Innovation Lab is a research and development greenhouse hosting cutting edge projects, breaking new ground in the global FinTech arena.

The lab offers a unique opportunity to influence and take part in the shaping of a new long-term venture, backed by one of the world’s largest financial establishments.

To support our activity and expansion, we are seeking senior, hands data scientist to join the team.

We believe the future’s here. Right here with us. Home to where we define, ideate, develop and distribute production-ready financial solutions of far-reaching impact to clients depending on our ingenuity to achieve and grow in 160 countries. And right now, the door’s open to direct the future of technology for that truly global client base. This means collaborating with the keenest minds in data science, big data, software engineering, web development, UX design and more. Doers looking to bring the next bold ideas to life for a fascinating array of people, people already investing, trading and transacting at the forefront of change in markets and economies the world over. If you too have that kind of vision, capable of seeing ahead, of developing a clear path forward in a quest to try the untried, here’s your opportunity. In a supported, resource-rich, vibrant co-working environment, part of an ecosystem of globally interconnected labs, realising a broader mission of enabling growth and economic progress on a scale you won’t find anywhere else. Welcome to our London Innovation Lab.

Citi’s Innovation Lab is a research and development greenhouse hosting cutting edge projects, breaking new ground in the global FinTech arena.

The lab offers a unique opportunity to influence and take part in the shaping of a new long-term venture, backed by one of the world’s largest financial establishments.

To support our activity and expansion, we are seeking senior, hands data scientist to join the team.

We believe the future’s here. Right here with us. Home to where we define, ideate, develop and distribute production-ready financial solutions of far-reaching impact to clients depending on our ingenuity to achieve and grow in 160 countries. And right now, the door’s open to direct the future of technology for that truly global client base. This means collaborating with the keenest minds in data science, big data, software engineering, web development, UX design and more. Doers looking to bring the next bold ideas to life for a fascinating array of people, people already investing, trading and transacting at the forefront of change in markets and economies the world over. If you too have that kind of vision, capable of seeing ahead, of developing a clear path forward in a quest to try the untried, here’s your opportunity. In a supported, resource-rich, vibrant co-working environment, part of an ecosystem of globally interconnected labs, realising a broader mission of enabling growth and economic progress on a scale you won’t find anywhere else. Welcome to our London Innovation Lab.

Job Purpose:

We are looking for a Data Scientist to help us discover information contained in vast streams of online and offline time-series data, enabling us to make data-driven decisions based on an enhanced understanding of our business performance in the financial markets.

Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, statistical analysis and feature selection in the training, testing and validation of models to be integrated into our financial markets decision-making systems and processes.

You will work closely with product owners and team members to design, build and integrate targeted client solutions into one of our existing well-supported platforms, or through new channels as required. To meet client demand, our project lifecycles are measured in months, not years, presenting many opportunities to take on new challenges.

Key Responsibilities:
Feature engineering and selection
Working across a range of disciplines, from NLP to time series analysis, to risk modelling and pricing
Model selection, training, testing and validation
Model visualisation, demonstration and documentation, in an online form such as an interactive notebook or single-page application
Work closely with product owners to develop client solutions for new and existing channels
Grow our catalogue of common assets, such as code templates, libraries, utilities, services, etc.

Skills & Qualifications:
Advanced applied statistics skills, including distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Excellent understanding of fundamental machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as Deep Learning, k-NN, Regression, SVM, Random Forests, etc.
You are an excellent communicator, able to explain your feature selection or model ensemble in layman’s terms
Experience with common data science toolkits, with excellence in the SciPy.org stack (NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Pandas, IPython, etc.) and Scikit-Learn highly desirable
Great working knowledge of Python an absolute given
You may/may not be excited about very deep neural nets but can respect an opposing view too
Experience in Gradient Boosting Machines, Bayesian Optimisation and Time Series Cross Validation ticks a lot of our boxes
You are equipped to face the curse of dimensionality
Experience with data visualisation tools, such as Matplotlib, D3.js, GGplot, etc.
Proficiency in using query languages, such as SQL, Spark DataFrame API, etc.
A portfolio of interactive notebooks, with experience in single-page web app dev nice-to-have
You are academically-rigorous, but commercially-minded, and enjoy seeing your work make money for a company that rewards you in return
You are an adaptable, resourceful, well organised team player with a strong work ethic
You agree that verbal and written communication skills are vital
You are eager to grow your skills
You are educated to degree level or above (or equivalent experience)

Please get in touch for more information.

-------------------------------------------------

Job Family Group:

Technology

-------------------------------------------------

Job Family:

Business Analysis / Client Services

------------------------------------------------------

Time Type:

Full time

------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.

View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement.

View the EEO Policy Statement.

View the Pay Transparency Posting