Data Scientist

Northampton

As a Barclays Data Scientist, you will develop the data analytics strategy and models from the extensive asets of data that are collected across multiple contact points in the operations, development, customer support journeys and DevOps function in Cards Platforms, focusing on modernizing and automating Analytics processes to facilitate faster time to market for releases.

Barclays is one of the world's largest and most respected financial institutions, with 329 years of success, quality and innovation behind us. We offer careers that provide endless opportunity – helping millions of individuals and businesses thrive, and creating financial and digital solutions that the world now takes for granted.

We are currently operating in a hybrid working environment, meaning that many colleagues spend part of their working hours at home and part in the office, depending on the nature of the role they are in. Please discuss the detail of the working pattern options for the role with the hiring manager.

What will you be doing?

Architecting and managing the development and implementation of Analytics strategies and Data Science solutions
Defining and building transformation strategy and developing modelling frameworks on On-Premises and Public Cloud domains
Designing and developing strategic business solutions to expand on the existing operational models to provide enanced opportunities for customer experience and value
Partnering with the wider Operations and Technology community to deliver technology solutions
Researching relevant technologies and demonstrating their benefits
Providing stewardship at critical junctures during implementation and ensuring certification of design intent in code and architectural reviews
Providing thought leadership and driving technology innovation
Articulating and establishing best practices and anti-patterns in application of technologies in question

What We’re Looking For

Graduate / Post-Graduate degree in Business, Statistics, Computer Science
Extensive leadership experience; demonstratable track record of motivational and achievement oriented
Experience in digital transformation; relevant, size, scale, scope and maturity of organisation
Expertise in Enterprise data architecture, Micro services, Database design and modelling testing, Big Data testing and Cloud deployments and architecture practices

Skills That Will Help You In The Role

Experience in modelling and visualizations in complex enterprise systems and platforms
Experience of working and building solutions in public cloud (AWS)
Knowledge in the areas of machine learning and analytics
Machine Learning certifications through AWS or Azure or formal training completion through industry recognized institutions

Where will you be working?

Northampton was the birthplace of Barclaycard in 1966 and we've been based in Pavilion Drive since the building opened in 1997. We purchased the building from the landlord in early 2018 as a sign of our commitment to investment in Northampton. Plans to further develop this Campus-style location are under way to allow for a real collaborative work environment. Based just off the A45 it is easily accessible by both car and bus routes.