We're hiring an experienced, lead or senior data scientist to join one of our teams to help deliver data solutions as part of an emerging and fantastically interesting sector in the North West. We’re always looking for good people and we are ready to go when you are. We strongly encourage candidates of all different backgrounds and identities to apply. Every time someone new joins it is an opportunity for us to bring in a different perspective, and we are always eager to further diversify our company. We are committed to building an inclusive, supportive place for you to do the best and most fulfilling work of your career.

About The Job

You will be joining a data science team which is already doing amazing work within the National Security, Health, Policing, and Law Enforcement sectors. The team is small but rapidly growing, and works together to analyse and investigate data and design solutions. Individuals within the team also work embedded in other projects, bringing their skills and knowledge to impactful projects for UK Government customers.

Our Data Science Team Is Responsible For The Following
Analysing customer requirements in long-term projects and new bid work to uncover opportunities for customers to leverage their data
Analysing and modelling customer data, performing statistical analyses, designing cleansing, transformation and normalisation processes, performing feature extraction/reduction, and designing solutions and opportunities
Performing, visualising, and presenting data analyses and analytics to customers and project leads, including on-site
Engineering platforms, databases, and data pipelines as part of broader delivery solutions
Training (inc. transfer learning and fine-tuning) and deploying ML/AI models for prediction, detection, classification, etc.
Writing or supporting software solutions that implement data science models, tool, and techniques

We are looking for a data scientist to help maintain our company's strong reputation for Agile delivery of robust solutions through taking a conscientious and scientific approach to handling and analysing customer data, designing and developing techniques and tools that implement data science solutions, working with others to train, test and deploy ML/AI models, and visualising and presenting complex data in simple ways to customers, project managers and coworkers.

You will work closely with customers, other data scientists, data architects and engineers, software developers and testers to:
investigate, transform (with provenance) and model customer data
apply statistical methods to analyse customer data and be able to report that analyse to co-workers, customers, and project leads
identify opportunities to apply, design and build algorithms to transform and interrogate data
visualise data and model and algorithm outputs for audiences of different levels of understanding
use data science techniques, including ML/AI, to design and build solutions to customer problems, and work with software developers, data engineers and testers to implement and assure them
work with data engineers and platform engineers to design, implement and test data ingest pipelines
work with other data scientists and ML and platform engineers to design, train, test and deploy ML/AI models
test and compare the effectiveness of different mathematical and computational techniques for working with data
conduct research into the application or development of new data science techniques.

Here are some things you might have worked on recently that we're looking for:
performing a deep dive into customer data and presenting the results of your analysis and modelling to customers, co-workers and project managers, for instance using JuPyter Notebooks
designing and developing a data ingest pipeline that leverages data science techniques pertaining to e.g. entity extraction, natural language processing, object detection, network analysis.
collating training data for, designing, training, evaluating and deploying ML models and/or deep learning neural networks, and developing the pipelines to automate these tasks
taken responsibility for transforming or implementing your employer's data science strategy.

About You

We are looking for an experienced data scientist with strong opinions on the best ways of working, techniques and tooling for designing, implementing and testing data solutions and pipelines. You need an active interest in new developments, including keeping abreast of

state of the art techniques in technology, academic, and industry articles.

Curiosity, conscientiousness and a scientific approach are key qualities we are looking for. The ability to work well with others, help junior staff, and present complex ideas and findings to customers, executives and non-specialists within the company is essential. You might have a degree in a field like computational science, mathematics, or statistical or mathematical sciences such as behavioural science or physics. You might not, and you can demonstrate how you’ve trodden the path for yourself.

About Us

Our offices are in Media City and you can work from home. Most of the company works from the office and we still like to see you. We are lean, and we have a high ratio of ‘do-ers’. You need to be able work as part of a team and take ownership and deliver against your own tasks.

Our values, which have been set by our people (not the management) are Integrity, Accountability, Pride and Passion, Courage, Ambition and Initiative, Collaboration, and Caring. Everyone has a voice at Naimuri and we are always keen to hear yours. We continue to grow steadily, and are always looking at ways to improve how we share, operate, communicate and learn together. We really believe in helping grow the North West further to become a technical hub, specialising in security and intelligence.

Pay And Benefits

Naimuri pays competitively within the industry based on North West rates. The salary for this position is dependent upon your experience and is relative to our current people (who are great btw). It is vital to us that all our people are paid commensurate, to ensure everyone feels valued. We assess seniority relative to the team at Naimuri during the interviewing process.

We expect you to work 37.5 hours per week, and you have flexibility over when you give that time. Our office hours are between 7:30 and 18:30 Monday to Friday. We don’t want you working excessive hours, that is simply not sustainable. You choose if you want to start late and spend breakfast with the family. Be ready for work by allowing yourself the time to get your life sorted however you see fit. And you will get health insurance, pension, plus access to our Bike2Work scheme.

How To Apply

Show us your role in Naimuri’s future and Naimuri’s role in yours. Address some of the work we do. Tell us about a newer (less than five years old) technology you like and why. We’re always considering applications. We invest a lot of time and effort into the whole recruitment process, because the quality of who we bring in determines the future of our company. We’re giving you our full attention.

We will respond to your initial application within two working days. A dedicated team will review your application and you’ll hear from us within five working days as to whether you’ve advanced to the telephone interview stage. Following the telephone interview we’ll send you a coding challenge to help at the technical interview stage. You’ll submit some code you’re proud of, review it, and tell its story.

Then on to the technical interview. Our interviews are one hour, in our office, with your future colleagues, on your schedule. We’ll talk through some of your code and some of ours. As well as technical questions we will also interview against our company values. We look forward to hearing from you!

Why Join Naimuri - A QinetiQ Company?

At Naimuri, we solve complex problems within cyber security & data, utilising software to make the UK a safer place. We're constantly exploring new ways of working - helping our customers become more insightful, effective, collaborative & secure. Many organisations claim to be Agile, but we think, live and breathe it instinctively. We've gained a reputation for speed and effectiveness, delivering within days what others can take months to achieve.

You'll experience a unique working environment where teams from different disciplines enjoy collaborating widely and openly. Through effective teamwork, and pulling together, you'll get to experience what happens when we all share different perspectives, blend disciplines, and link technologies; constantly discovering new ways of solving complex problems in a diverse and inclusive environment where you can be authentic, feel valued and realise your full potential.

Ultimately for us, it's about getting the best people, retaining them, nurturing a creative environment & helping to find a way to innovate.

About QinetiQ

As a company of over 6,000 dedicated professionals, we are a world-centre of excellence in research and development and act as a catalyst for fast-track innovation, offering outstanding experimentation facilities, and technical, engineering and scientific expertise. QinetiQ is made up of dedicated experts in defence, aerospace, security and related markets, all working together to explore new ways of protecting what matters most. Being part of QinetiQ means being central to the safety and security of the world around us. Partnering with our customers, we help to save lives; reduce risks to society; and maintain the global infrastructure on which we all depend. Come and find out how you can play a role.

Please note that many roles in QinetiQ are subject to national security vetting. Applicants that already hold the appropriate level of vetting may be able to transfer it upon appointment, subject to approval. A number of roles are also subject to restrictions on access to information that mean factors such as nationality, previous nationalities held and the country in which you were born may have an effect on the roles that you can be employed in. To check that you are eligible, please read this link: Vetting explained - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk)

NAICET