The Team

This role is within the behavioural analytics team of the NNCC (National Network Cyber Centre) project. NNCC is a product sold internationally with the goal of identifying malicious behaviour from advanced threats in network traffic. It is a country level cyber solution and operates at the speed and scale of the national Internet.

Using cutting-edge technology, the behavioural analytics team research, prototype, develop and engineer complex analytics, on incredibly large datasets, to identify anomalies, and detect and correlate threats across the cyber kill chain.

The analytics team works as both a long-term development team for the core NNCC product, as well as a data lab focussed research team for specific clients. They rapidly spin-up prototypes to serve immediate operational needs.

The Role

To work within an agile team of Data Scientists and Engineers to research, design and implement scalable analytics to meet the emerging requirements for our customers.
To prototype advanced techniques for spotting malicious behaviours in very large data volumes, through working with customers and their requirements, and presenting results in an intelligible way to our customers.
To detect and analyse performance bottlenecks in new and existing solutions. To tune analytic implementations to cope with the solution scale – we ingest millions of events per second.
As part of an agile team within the wider NNCC core product, to continuously strive for and champion the best solution – via more efficient or effective analytics, better technologies, or more performant underlying architecture.

Your Experience

Knowledge and experience of the following is essential:

Strong understanding of Data Science concepts along with experience of applying them in your previous role.
Experience in using Data Science tools and technology, including at least one analytical scripting language (e.g. Python, Scala).
Understanding of deployment of Data Science models into production systems
Firm knowledge of testing / evaluating Data Science models and their efficacy
Experience in presenting and demonstrating solutions to clients at varying levels of seniority, tailoring communications to effectively explain analytical techniques and advise on their application.
A strong consulting skills ethos, understanding different requirement elicitation and interviewing techniques, able to translate “business request” into “technical data speak”.

Knowledge of the following would be extremely advantageous, but are not required:

Experience or knowledge of the domain of Cyber Security, e.g. knowledge of the Cyber Kill Chain and tactics/techniques
Experience of applying Data Science techniques at a massive scale
Spark / PySpark (all data analysis is on a Spark cluster)
Data formats such as Parquet and Avro
Airflow / Jupyter (for job control and one-off tasks)
HDFS (forms our persistence backbone)
HBase / Elasticsearch databases (used to store entity data)
Kafka (for messaging / subsystem buffering)

Your Reward

Work-life balance is important; you’ll get 25 days holiday a year and, via our flexible benefit package the option to buy/sell and carry over from the year before
You can work around core hours with flexible and part-time working
Our flexible benefits package includes; private medical and dental insurance, a competitive pension scheme, cycle to work scheme, taste cards and more
You’ll have a dedicated Career Manager to help you develop your career and guide you on your journey through BAE
Don’t know a particular technology? Your learning and development is key to your future career
You’ll be part of our bonus scheme

Life at BAE Systems Digital Intelligence

We are embracing Hybrid Working. This means you and your colleagues may be working in different locations, such as from home, another BAE Systems office or client site, some or all of the time, and work might be going on at different times of the day. By embracing technology, we can interact, collaborate and create together, even when we’re working remotely from one another. Hybrid Working allows for increased flexibility in when and where we work, helping us to balance our work and personal life more effectively, and enhance well-being.

Diversity and inclusion are integral to the success of BAE Systems Digital Intelligence. We are proud to have an organisational culture where employees with varying perspectives, skills, life experiences and backgrounds – the best and brightest minds – can work together to achieve excellence and realise individual and organisational potential.

About BAE Systems Digital Intelligence

BAE Systems Digital Intelligence is home to 4,800 digital, cyber and intelligence experts. We work collaboratively across 16 countries to collect, connect and understand complex data, so that governments, nation states, armed forces and commercial businesses can unlock digital advantage in the most demanding environments.

Launched in 2022, Digital Intelligence is part of BAE Systems, and has a rich heritage in helping to defend nations and businesses around the world from advanced threats.

Division overview: Government

At BAE Systems Digital Intelligence, we pride ourselves in being a leader in the cyber defence industry, and Government contracts are an area we have many decades of experience in. Government and key infrastructure networks are critical targets to defend as the effects of these networks being breached can be devastating.

As a member of the Government business unit, you will defend the connected world and ensure the protection of nations. We all have a role to play in defending our clients, and this is yours.