Job Description

The Data Scientist will work with Assystem and our clients to develop and deliver data analytics products and services. They will be responsible for using data to solve complex business problems, such as using operational data to represent operational performance, and working with engineers to develop connected digital twin platforms.

Assystem is a pioneer in developing digital solutions for the engineering environment, specialising in highly regulated industries such as Nuclear, Defence and Rail.

Assystem have begun assembling a team of pioneers who will help to shape the future of nuclear, defence and transportation industry through our engineering powered by digital programme. The Data Scientist is a key part of this team that will form the core of our recently established digital engineering centre and will be tasked with supporting the development new services, new insights, and new approaches to delivering engineering and construction environments and practices of the future.

Data Capability Development

Key to this role will be the ability to advance data practices to enable Assystem to contribute to the delivery the UK industrial strategy and will require activities such as:
Keeping abreast of best practice, data science ethics and new developments in industry
Helping people, from graduates to experienced members of the team, to understand the benefits of data science
Defining, documenting, and optimising processes as part of the Assystem ‘our way’ system
Working with colleagues across the globe to bring in, or share, best practices
Identifying areas where digital transformation will return value
Acting as an ambassador for data science within the UK business

Profile

Technical Skills
Able to assess the needs of business areas and develop data tools to enable informed decision making
Technical expertise with a programming language (such as SQL, R, Python, etc.), statistical analysis tools, and data visualisation applications.
Advise & Support IT in managing software products including but not limited to incorporating new version releases and customization of the product
Highly numeric with proven analytical and problem-solving skills. Understanding and experience with a range of statistical techniques such as queueing theory, simulation, machine learning, regression, and optimisation.
Support the design and implementation of industrial data analytics
Evaluate Industrial software solutions
Stay informed on best practices for use of data management and governance
Support & develop Web, literature, interviews, presenting at relevant customer focused conferences

Qualifications & Experience Required

Experience from highly regulated industries such as Nuclear, Energy, Transportation, and Infrastructure is highly desirable, but Assystem will consider candidates from other industries.
Bachelor’s degree or the equivalent experience in related field
At least 2 years’ experience in a relevant discipline
Excellent oral and written communication skills including public speaking and negotiation
Ability to work independently and as part of a team

Qualifications & Experience Desired

The following skills and experience would be advantageous.
Knowledge of architecture, engineering, information technology or related discipline in relation to construction
Knowledge of ISO19650 standards
Familiarity with a BI reports, Artificial intelligence, microservice architectures and advanced anlaytics.
Knowledge of Asset information systems data requirements
Experience of process automation

This is an exciting, varied and rewarding role that will capitalise on your experience to date and offer the opportunity to develop yourself in new areas. You may find yourself working client with client data one day, and digitalising our internal processes the next, so agility, enthusiasm and endurance are a must.

At Assystem, everyone holds the reins for their own careers. Our role is to offer you the opportunities and resources you need to reach your full potential.

So why not join us and help shape the engineering landscape of the future?

We are committed to providing equal opportunities for every candidate and we celebrate all forms of diversity. At Assystem, only your skills matter!