Have you ever wondered what it would be like to work for a global giant in the software industry?

Jumar have partnered with a leading software analytics company to recruit several permanent, Python Developers.

These roles will support their innovative optimization project which is paving the way for industry revolution.

If you’re eager to work with leading edge technology, creating one-of-a-kind solutions which are taking the fintech world by storm, then this could be the role for you!

You’ll be joining at a time of continued growth, the organisation has achieved success worldwide and they’re showing no signs of slowing down.

You will need to be an experienced Python developer or data scientist with strong engineering skills, interested in the challenges of delivering advanced simulation technology as decision support software for business analysts.

Here are some of the things you can expect to do in your first few weeks:
Make a significant contribution to the design and development of leading platforms including outcome simulators and advanced decision logic simulators.
Participate in refinement with the Product Owner and other engineers to establish requirements, design end user features and identify the engineering tasks to code, test and deliver the new product functionality.
Participate in the agile Scrum process each sprint to incrementally enhance and test the product, collaborating with QA to provide fast feedback to stakeholders and completing the stories to the Definition of Done.
Contribute to the end-to-end release process of delivering high quality on prem and cloud software.
Contribute to 3rd level support for Clients and Client-facing internal teams.
The ideal candidate will have the following
BSc in Computer Science/Software Engineering or similar/related discipline or equivalent experience – we know that everyone’s circumstances are different and we will consider on the job learning instead of a degree qualification.
Considerable experience in the development of applications or complex data science scripts using Python.
Experience in software engineering practices including writing well architected code and automated testing.
Knowledge of Java, JavaScript or multiple programming languages would be desirable but not essential.
Why Join
You’ll receive an excellent renumeration package including a competitive salary, bonus, 25 days holiday, company pension, private medical insurance, income protection, life assurance and dental insurance.
Your development is prioritised. You’ll receive 2x salary and promotion reviews a year and will have a personal career development plan to make sure you can achieve your career goals.
You’ll work with a collaborative team of passionate developers
You’ll have a personal wellbeing allowance to spend on activities as you see fit, as well as discounted gym memberships, wellbeing councillors, access to various social and community groups.
Our client is committed to workforce diversity and ensuring an inclusive environment. You’ll work with colleagues in over 60 countries and can join their LGBTQ+, women or DE&I committees.
If this feels like a suitable position and you’re interested in hearing more, please apply today or contact Molly Facer at Molly.Facer@Jumar.co.uk
Desired Skills and Experience
Data, Systems, Python, Engineer, Statistics, Java,