Data Scientist - Central Data Team

Job Description:

We are looking for a data scientist who will support all the areas of our business, (from retail, central leadership, merchandising and logistics) who can find insights in our data that will empower the organisation.

This role will suit a person with a curious mindset and a passion for data-driven problem-solving. Using data to drive business decisions and understand our processes is a key strategic focus for JD.
You will be working in a multidisciplinary team, alongside data engineers, analysts and subject matter experts to develop data solutions that deliver value to our stakeholders.
You will be expected to be involved in all aspects of the data science journey, from exploration of the data, modelling and deployment of models into live.
As a data scientist, you will have a strong understanding of databases and data analysis techniques. You will be technically confident and have the ability to communicate your findings both verbally and in writing.

A typical week could include:

Identify opportunities to apply data science, internally within the team and in the wider business community, to drive sustainable growth.
Participate in / lead data discovery with stakeholders and technical peers
Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Utilise data analysis techniques and statistical models to develop insights and drive actionable activity
Look at data processes and become a champion of data quality and accuracy at JD
Explore data conflicts between core systems and the data analytics platform
Work with the business users, peers and architects to develop data solutions
Interact with team members and business users
Peer review of analytical products
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner
Contribute to and support the data science community within JD

Experience, Skills and Knowledge:

Good understanding of statistical methods, algorithms and machine learning concepts (ranging from EDA, data science methods (regression, classification, segmentation), autoML techniques and predictive modelling).
Experience of common data science frameworks and tools like Python, java, C, Go and R. Understand how to use auto ML packages (datarobot / Vertex AI).
Strong Proficiency in database languages, such as SQL, against large datasets
Excellent communication and collaboration skills, including the ability to prepare reports, presentations, executive summaries and analysis.
Understanding of version control (preferably Git and SVN)
Background of working with large and complex datasets
Data-oriented personality with strong sense of curiosity and collaboration to overcome challenges
Prefered experience:
Hands-on professional experience with applied machine learning
Experience of working with a data analytics team in a retail environment
Experience in producing ETL data flows
Qualification in mathematics, computer science or related field
Technical skills:
Database technologies
GCP BigQuery
Oracle database (v12 onwards) or equivalent
MS SQL Server
SQL (Stored procedures, query optimization, etc)
Program languages:
Python
R
Java / Javascript
BI tool(s)
Looker
Data studio
Thoughtspot
GCP AI platform - Vertex AI
GCP
Source control (Git, SVN)
Excel / Sheets