At Lloyds Banking Group, we have a clear purpose; to help Britain prosper and to become the best Financial Services provider for our customers. Through our brands, our Group has a relationship with just about every household and community in the UK. We underpin the lives of millions of individuals and businesses, and play a key role in helping to build a growing UK economy.


An exciting opportunity to join part of a specialist modelling team focused on building and delivering industry leading models within the Group. Responsible for ensuring specific models are appropriately validated, monitored and managed in line with Group and regulatory standards regulatory standards.



What you'll be doing..!

Develop experimental models and machine learning applications in Python in order to help tackle business problems within the Risk Division.

Perform data extraction and mining from various sources to develop new insight solutions. Manipulating, interpreting and challenging data using a variety of data modelling tools (such as Teradata / SQL and Python).

Deploy models and applications within our development/experimentation environment

Collaborating in cross-functional teams and communicating key findings to our business partners



What we need from you...!



* Experience in using data science and predictive modelling (Logistic Regression, Random Forests, XGBoost and etc) to solve business problems, preferably in banking.
* Background in maths/stats, computer science.
* Working in a project environment with time bound deliverables
* Experience in Python (including pandas and scikit-learn) and SQL plus GCP desirable



What you'd get in return


We'll give you a broad remuneration package which includes:

A generous salary (dependent upon location)

A performance share award

A generous pension contribution

28 days holiday plus bank holidays

A flexible cash pot (4% of base salary) you can adjust to suit your lifestyle

Private health cover



In return for your expertise, you'll enjoy our total dedication to your ongoing personal and professional development. We'll help you perform at your best today, so you can fulfil all your potential in the future.



We're committed to building a workforce which reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve, and to building an inclusive environment where all our colleagues can be themselves and succeed on merit. We're an equal opportunity employer and deeply value diversity within our organisation.



We'll ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process and to perform in their role.



If you have the skills we're seeking and you're looking for your next step, we'd love to hear from you



Together we make it possible