The Bank of England is the UK's central bank. Our mission is to deliver monetary and financial stability for the British people.

The Bank of England is a diverse organisation. Each of its 4,000 plus people are committed to public service and dedicated to promoting the good of the people of the United Kingdom by maintaining monetary and financial stability.

As a directorate of the PRA, Supervisory Risk Specialists (SRS) provides technical expertise and applies expert judgement across risk disciplines as part of the PRA's integrated supervisory approach, in order to identify, analyse and mitigate material risks to the safety and soundness of PRA regulated firms.

SRS comprises five divisions:
Credit, Risk, Analytics, Liquidity and Capital (CRACL)
Investment Banking and Sector Risks (IBSR)
Model Development and Review (MDRD)
Operational Risk & Resilience (ORRD)
Sector Resilience Division (SRD)

Department Overview

Within MDRD, the Quantitative Modelling and Analysis team (QMA) provides quantitative modelling, analytics, data management solutions and technical expertise to risk specialists, to supervisors and to other partners across the Bank.

Key roles for QMA include the development, documentation, implementation and maintenance of tools and models used for risk assessment, including for the annual stress testing of major UK Deposit Takers. These include SRS’ Data Management Tool, Secured Retail and Wholesale Impairments forecasting models, Net Interest Income and Pensions models. QMA also interacts with colleagues across the Bank on the design and implementation of Bank-wide Data and Analytics Strategies.

Job Description

As an Analyst in QMA, you will work with quantitative modelling specialists, data scientists and relevant partners to support designing and implementing data, analytics and visualisation solutions. This will include supporting data analysis through building visualisation solutions, building analytics to provide insights into the data and implementing analytical solutions for the business partners.

The QMA team works closely with business teams. Therefore an important aspect of this role is close communication with teams across SRS, an ability to understand their point of views and requirements, as well as to have periodic checks with them to ensure requirements continue to be met.

Role Requirements

Minimum (Essential) Criteria
Strong technical and quantitative skills
Experience with coding in R and/or Python
Ability to tailor communication, especially regarding technical topics, to audiences with different skills and backgrounds
Good interpersonal skills and experience collaborating in a team

Desirable Criteria
Understanding of statistical modelling
Experience in designing and implementing models and complex coding solutions
Ability to empathise with colleagues and demonstrate diverse and inclusive values
Good time management skills

The Bank values diversity and inclusion – we want to reflect the society we serve better, we want the best people to work for us and we want our workplace to be inclusive. We value all forms of diversity, including but not limited to age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, race, religion and sexual orientation. One way we support diversity and inclusion is through our staff-run networks, which are summarised here.

We are fully committed to having a diverse and inclusive working environment, and are open to considering how the role might be carried out with flexible working. This role is therefore open to flexible working patterns.

We are also committed to making workplace adjustments for all of our employees as needed, and also for candidates throughout all stages of the selection process. We are a member of the Disability Confident scheme, summarised here, and people who wish to apply under this scheme should check the box in the ‘Candidate Personal Information’ under the ‘Disability Confident Scheme’ section of the application.

We anonymise applications so hiring managers will not be able to see your personal information when reviewing your submission, including your CV. Please fully complete the application form questions as requested, as any incomplete submissions may not be reviewed.

The closing date for applications is 26 September 2022.

Reward Package

The Bank of England is a distinctive institution and our rewards are one of the things that set us apart. As well as enjoying a competitive salary you will work in a collaborative, inclusive environment, with a subsidised restaurant, flexible working opportunities and plenty of wellbeing initiatives.

The salary range for this vacancy is approximately £35,700 to £41,500, dependent on relevant skills and experience. In addition, the total reward package also includes:
A non-contributory, career average pension giving you a guaranteed retirement benefit of 1/95th of your annual salary for every year worked. There is the option to increase your pension (to 1/50th) or decrease (to 1/120th) in exchange for salary through our flexible benefits programme each year.
A discretionary performance award based on a current award pool.
A 7% benefits allowance with the option to take as salary or purchase a wide range of flexible benefits.
25 days annual leave with option to buy up to 13 additional days through flexible benefits.
Private medical insurance and income protection.

Please apply online, ensuring that you answer the application questions, complete the work history and submit your CV.

Primary Location

UK-ENG-London

Job

Risk

Organisation

651000 - MODEL, DEVELOPMENT & REVIEW (MDR)

Job Posting

05-Sep-2022, 3:13:06 PM