We are a world class research-intensive university. We deliver teaching and learning of the highest quality. We play a leading role in economic, social and cultural development of the North East of England. Attracting and retaining high-calibre people is fundamental to our continued success.

What’s in it for you? Newcastle University is a great place to work, with excellent benefits . We have a generous holiday package; plus the opportunity to buy more, great pension schemes and a number of health and wellbeing initiatives to support you.

Newcastle is an inclusive global University community where everyone is treated with dignity and respect. As a University of Sanctuary, we aim to provide a welcoming place of safety for all, offering opportunities to people fleeing violence and persecution.

Newcastle University is committed to being a fully inclusive Global University which actively recruits, supports and retains colleagues from all sectors of society. We value diversity as well as celebrate, support and thrive on the contributions of all our employees and the communities they represent. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from everybody, regardless of race, sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital status/civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, as well as being open to flexible working practices.

Salary: £32,348 to £34,308 with progression to £42,155 per annum

Closing Date: 23 October 2022

The Role

The position of Data Scientist for the National Innovation Centre for Data (NICD) plays a vital role in supporting the Centre’s technical effort. We are looking for a talented individual with excellent technical skills to join our team of data scientists.

You will be interested in working with a wide range of organisations (from SMEs and public sector through to Fortune 500 companies) on a wide range of interesting technical and business challenges, transferring data skills through tutoring and

mentoring the client.

You must be excited to challenge yourself and to continue to advance your skills in data science through continued professional development. Energy, enthusiasm, empathy, and a positive ‘can-do’ attitude is essential.

This is a full-time permanent position.

To apply, please complete an online application and upload a CV and cover letter. Your cover letter is a supporting statement, and you should outline how you meet the essential criteria of the role and evidence this with examples.

For informal queries regarding either the role or the project, please contact Georgia Carr, Manager – NICD at Georgia.Carr@newcastle.ac.uk or Barry Hodgson – Barry.hodgson@newcastle.ac.uk

For more information about the National Innovation Centre for Data, please click here.

Key Accountabilities

Delivering NICD technical projects
Demonstrating, tutoring and mentoring individuals from client organisations to gain relevant data science skills
Collaborating with client organisations to develop appropriate technical solutions to business problems relating to data
Supporting, the use of relevant technologies and helping to transfer the relevant skills into client organisations
Providing advice and assistance to client organisations and colleagues in problem-solving relating to NICD technical projects
Actively participating in client project reviews with the aim of selecting technically feasible projects with the potential to transform organisations
Presenting work and providing updates, including the effective communication of complex or technical information, at project meetings and events
Creating reports to summarise and explain technical information
Presenting project updates, milestones and results
Representing NICD and disseminating information about NICD and its work at national and international events
Developing relevant learning materials for activities and events that educate and support the NICD community
Maintaining and developing knowledge through training and development activities to keep abreast of the latest/most relevant technologies
Understanding and contributing to the selection and use of NICD software and data infrastructure, including technologies for version control, continuous integration, deployment and code review
Any other duties within the scope and general nature of the grade which may be required

The Person

Knowledge, Skills And Experience

Relevant knowledge and experience in one or more of the following areas: Statistical Modelling, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Machine Vision, Professional Services Job DescriptionMLOps, Data Analytics, Data Engineering, Data Warehousing, Data Visualisation
Relevant knowledge and experience of cleaning, processing and modelling data using a scripting language e.g. with R or Python.
Experience delivering projects on time and to a high quality
Successfully working and contributing as part of a team
Excellent communication skills
Excellent interpersonal skills (motivating, negotiating, influencing and being empathetic)
Ability to manage own work, including planning and execution

Attributes and Behaviour

Delivering Service

Works continually towards achieving success through understanding and meeting or exceeding the expectations of project collaborators, the University, students, colleagues and other stakeholders
Is enthusiastic in getting the job done on time and demonstrates high energy and commitment to the delivery of excellent service

Finding Solutions

Generates a range of viable options and decides on an appropriate course of action that best fits organisational and area goals
Encourages creative and innovative thinking in self and others and makes decisions based on understanding the wider organisational needs and having considered a range of possible options

Team Working

Operates in a number of different teams and groups across the organisation, confident in adopting a range of team roles
Looks at ways of developing cross functional co-operation and support and looks to build alliances and relationships outside of the group

Understanding Others

Understands individual or group motives, understands the culture of a particular area, school or faculty
Is able to quickly and effectively learn the methods and language used within other groups

Planning and Organising

Works in a planned and structured way, uses own and others’ time effectively
Sets own priorities in conjunction with team and area objectives
Quickly identifies what is important and prioritises accordingly whilst monitoring and controlling workflow of teams

Qualifications

PhD in a related discipline or MSc in a related discipline with substantial industrial experience in a technically relevant area

The University holds a silver Athena SWAN award in recognition of our good employment practices for the advancement of gender equality. The University also holds the HR Excellence in Research award for our work to support the career development of our researchers, and is a member of the Euraxess initiative supporting researchers in Europe.

Requisition ID: 22942