Position Summary



We are looking for an exceptional Data Scientist to join our growing team in Staines-upon-Thames. You will be experienced in working with data, curious about data and patterns, passionate to turn huge data sets into accurate and meaningful information which is easy to understand and has commercial impact on Samsung products.


Role and Responsibilities



As a data scientist your role will involve:

Creatively analysing patterns in existing and new data with complex data modelling, machine learning or statistical analysis.

Visualizing large sets of data to extract actionable items from information, across diverse customer-facing platforms.

Finding creative opportunities from the data to produce insights and recommendations that help drive Samsung’s business success.

Translate complex functional and technical requirements into a detailed design.





Skills and Qualifications



Required Skills

Masters, PhD, or equivalent experience in a quantitative field (Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, ML & Artificial Intelligence, etc.)

Programming proficiency in Python

Data collection, data fusion, statistical data modelling and evaluation experience in python

Prior experience with one or more of the following: regression, clustering, classification, decision trees, statistical models

Excellent communication, team work and a results-oriented attitude

Proficiency in problem solving and a self-starter





Desirable Skills

Knowledge of machine learning

Knowledge of big data tools such as Spark

Familiar with cloud technologies (AWS, GCP, etc.)

Exposure to deep learning approaches and modelling frameworks (PyTorch, Tensorflow, Keras, etc.)





Contract Type: Full time / Permanent

Job Location: Staines-upon-Thames, Surrey, UK

Hybrid Working: Typical working week will be 3 days working from the office and 2 days working from home

Employee Benefits: Competitive Salary, Annual Performance Bonus up to 25%, Pension Scheme with company contribution up to 8.5%, Income Protection, Stocks & Shares ISA, Life Assurance, 25 days holiday (increasing to 30 with length of service). We also have a wide range of Flexible Benefits to choose from with Samsung providing an allowance of £600 per year to spend on them.













* Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location, at: https://account.samsung.com/membership/policy/privacy. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. If you are European Economic Resident, please click here: http://ghrp.europe-samsung.com/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html.