End Date

Wednesday 05 October 2022

Salary Range

£48,784 - £60,980

We support agile working – click here for more information on agile working options.

Agile Working Options

Other Agile Working Arrangements / Open to Discussion

Job Description Summary

We’re looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our fast-paced Predictive Analytics team within CVM to help us build ever more sophisticated models to help predict customers' needs.

Job Description

At Lloyds Banking Group (LBG), we’re motivated by a clear purpose - to Help Britain both recover and prosper. And as the UK's largest digital, retail and commercial bank our colleagues are passionate about making a difference to customers and communities.

Operating within the Chief Customer Office (CCO), our Customer Value Management (CVM) use group data to transform the experiences of our customers. At the heart of our strategy is Customer Relationship Growth which seeks to truly transform our interactions eco system into a world class capability, and connect personalised decision making across the group including pricing, customer services, credit risk, fraud etc. In doing so LBG will be uniquely placed to support our customers in ways beyond the abilities of our competitors and places CCO at the centre of the groups' strategy.

Machine learning and Advanced modelling are essential to achieving our ambition and underpin our ability to understand how best we can support our customer’s needs. We harness LBG’s wealth of customer data to bring to life what our customers current and future needs are - allowing us to enhance the relevance of the marketing interactions. Our activities support over £100m per annum in commercial value for the Retail Bank!

Here are some of the key responsibilities you’ll have:
Responsibility for leading on the delivery of impactful, commercially focused insight and working closely and engaging with a range of internal customers.
Performing accurate data mining and extraction from structured /unstructured sources to develop new insight solutions. Manipulating, interpreting and challenging data using a variety of data modelling tools (such as Teradata / SQL, SAS, R, Python).
Using your statistical knowledge to understand key drivers/risks/opportunities and make recommendations to improve the relevance/timeliness of the customer interactions - conveying the story in a way your audience will understand.
Owning projects, leading the build and use of Machine learned models to drive optimal decision making and maximise the customer experience.
Working at pace to deliver your projects, considering and handling any design issues or risks that arise.
Once you understand our data landscape you can suggest ways to develop and craft the data layers to meet evolving business requirements and then get involved in the improvements.
Innovations achieved within Predictive Analytics will enable you to promote and nurture the use of models, data and analytics within the wider CCO function.
About You…
You’ll have a strong grounding in the principles of Data Science and their application to real-word business problems using structured and unstructured data sources
You’ll possess knowledge of statistical modelling and Machine Learning techniques (such as logistic regression, Gradient Boosting, clustering, decision trees, random forests, significance testing). Awareness of a wide range of techniques is key and in-job experience of using these methods would be highly advantageous.
In your current/previous roles you've had responsibility for the build of statistical models – with the experience to be confident working rapidly from data collation through to model build and production.
Communication and relationship building skills are a must to work collaboratively as is conveying information to both technical and non-technical audiences
You'll already have experience using data science tools and experience with data programming to capture what you need for your analysis.
What We Can Offer You In Return…

In addition to the competitive base salary you'll also receive:
A 4% flex cash pot to spend on benefits (or take as cash)
Discretionary annual group performance share bonus
Generous employer pension contribution up to 15%
Private medical health cover
Access to share schemes and staff discounts
30 days holiday entitlement plus bank holidays
Whilst part of the team are based in Bristol and this is our preference, we would welcome applications for other locations where the wider team is also located. Our hybrid working model continues to evolve across CCO, and our colleagues work a minimum of 1 day per week in the office. This will then increase to 2 days per week in the office and the rest of the time working from home.

We’re a function passionate about encouraging an environment of professional development and will give you opportunities to stretch including a ‘Project day’ each month where you get to wholly devote the day to your personal development. We also recognise colleagues for their contribution and performance as part of our colleague Charter.

As a Group we celebrate the diversity of our people - we’re building a truly inclusive work environment where all of our colleagues have the chance to create a real difference.

And if you need any reasonable adjustment to participate in the application or interview process just let us know.

So if you have the skills and background we'd love you to come and work with us to transform the groups next chapter into reality. What are you waiting for…

At Lloyds Banking Group, we're driven by a clear purpose; to help Britain recover. Across the Group, our colleagues are focused on making a difference to customers, businesses and communities. With us you'll have a key role to play in shaping the financial services of the future, whilst the scale and reach of our Group means you'll have many opportunities to learn, grow and develop.

We're focused on creating a values-led culture and are committed to building a workforce which reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve. Together we’re building a truly inclusive workplace where all of our colleagues have the opportunity to make a real difference.