Apply here:

www.womenindata.co.uk/job/data-scientist-3-hastingsdirect-london/

It’s a very exciting time for us; we’re transforming our business to become a truly data-led, digital first insurer, and we’re looking for an Data Scientists to join us on our journey.
The Data Scientist will play a vital role in the evolution of cutting-edge data assets and predictive models that feed into Hastings’ market-leading pricing activities.
This will be a prominent role where the results of your contributions will be measurably felt in the performance of the business. We are looking for someone with an appetite for initiative, a curiosity for data exploration, and a desire to champion the latest machine learning (ML) techniques for creating production grade models.
About the role
Your remit will include the following:
Create and maintain analytical tools to support in the management of our risk portfolio.
Develop best in-class models to predict claims outcomes, fraud and other risk KPIs.
Engineer powerful new rating factors to be deployed into our rating algorithms.
Identify, analyse and monetise new data sources.
What we’re looking for:
As a leading insurer this role is critical to our delivery and success, it will be exciting, busy, varied and challenging so a roll sleeves up, hands-on approach is an absolute must.
You will have a customer focus and think creatively to solve business problems, with some prior experience of applied analytics to real world problems. You will have a degree (BSc/MSc) in a numerical discipline, with a strong track record using SQL, Python/R, Git and building classification or regression models. You will have the desire to learn and keep up with the latest technologies to stay ahead of the curve.
What we will give you;
This a real opportunity to make the role your own, whilst making a difference in a fast-paced, flexible and delivery focused environment.
Some of the great benefits we will give you;
Highly competitive basic salary
Up to 5% bonus earning potential
Pension 1:1 match up to 10%
25 days holiday and bank holidays (plus buy and sell up to 5 days)
#specialreferral
Hastings Group is an equal opportunities employer which means we treat people fairly. We welcome applications from all suitably skilled persons regardless of their gender, age, race, disability, ethnic background, religion/belief, sexual orientation, gender reassignment or marital/family status.Please also note that we have a thorough referencing process, which includes credit and criminal record checks.