Are you looking to develop your career in one of the world’s largest Research Organisations?

Are you curious about how we consume technology, content and entertainment? The Audience Measurement team at Ipsos use deep understanding of people to make sense of audiences and how they consume technology, content and entertainment. We use these to influence media strategy, helping clients to answer crucial questions, such as how to target audiences, maximise attention across platforms, enhance audience experience, and demonstrate or increase audience value.

We are recruiting for Senior Data Scientists who are passionate about solving problems. This is not your average data scientist role, this role is about giving you the autonomy to solve problems which directly impact our daily lives whether it is our television viewing habits, radio listening habits to other forms of media consumption. Creative, innovative, passion, flexibility, adaptability, tenacity and agile, these are just some of the words that describe the culture of our team. This is an opportunity for you to make an impact whilst also having a realistic chance to learn and develop your skills further.

If this is what you are looking for from your next role, then please read on.... we look forward to hearing from you!

Audience Measurement is one of Ipsos' global specialisms. Its core research expertise lies in counting and profiling viewers, listeners, readers and users of media. The Audience Measurement data and service is used by marketers and media agencies to manage and measure their advertising investment in media and by the media to help price their product, trade with advertisers and schedule content.

Data science is at the very heart of Ipsos projects and provides an important central resource covering large media industry measurement contracts, syndicated surveys and ad hoc insight projects.

The Data Science Unit has been created in Ipsos in direct response to the way the converging media and advertising market is moving. Their remit reflects the growing industry importance of Big Data, passive measurement technologies, complex modelling, data visualisation, data integration and calibration methodologies.

The role….

You will be managing and delivering advanced analytics and data science elements of complex research projects and to continue to develop and extend their skill set.

Reporting to a Lead Data Scientist, the role will involve working on projects for a multitude of clients within Ipsos covering range of industries – television, radio, print, online, outdoor, mobile, entertainment, music, telecoms and technology.

What will I be doing?

Working In This Role, You Will Be

This role is a central role in the day-to-day work of our specialised audience measurement data science team.
Maintaining production systems for our audience measurement contracts – which involves working with the senior stakeholders to detect new modelling solutions and data improvements that need to be implemented.
Using machine learning techniques to improve lookalike models in our production systems or to calibrate the datasets to external sources.
Working on analytics projects for our in media development for some of the top media organisations in the UK.
Providing advice, guidance and knowledge on key sector related issues
Manipulating data and data processing in R, Python, SQL and Google Cloud Platform
Developing machine learning models with senior data scientist guidance
Employing Bayesian techniques and probability modelling to align datasets to external sources
Assuring quality control and quality assurance of team data production capabilities
Working with the core Audience Measurement Data Science team on all industry measurement contracts we run (Route, Rajar, PAMCo, BBC Compass and other).
Working on a variety of ad-hoc projects run through the Media Development service line.
Engaging with stakeholders across the business (internal and external).
Producing internal deliverables with Senior Data Science personnel
Advising the research team on how to use the data or analysis.
Managing good professional relationships with clients and internal stakeholders
What do I need to bring with me?

To be successful in this role you will need the following skills and experience:
Previous experience in similar roles in a data science team
Bachelors or Masters in Economy, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or similar mathematically oriented discipline OR specialisation/qualification in Data Science/Data analysis OR a degree in a research discipline (e.g. Sociology, Psychology)
Results orientated, ability to manage deadlines and time effectively
Ability to find creative and innovative solutions for complex and varied problems
High level knowledge of data wrangling/manipulation techniques in R or Python
Good experience in working with database systems and SQL syntax
Experience with machine learning and predictive models in R OR Pandas (one is a must)
Experience with running segmentations of respondent or customer data is a plus
Outstanding attention to detail
Good communication skills, oral, written and technical documentation
About Us

We are one of the world’s largest research companies and currently the only one primarily managed by researchers. With offices in 88 countries, Ipsos brings together research, implementation, methodological, and subject-matter experts from around the world, combining thematic and technical experts globally with local knowledge to deliver top-quality research.

Our culture is unique - we have the entrepreneurial spirit and quirkiness of a small boutique, but we also have the resources, scale and diversity of a large global agency. We have more bright, friendly, hard-working and enthusiastic people, from more backgrounds, with more interests, skills and experiences to learn from. Our values are based on our diverse cultural backgrounds, helping us to be responsive, client-focused and flexible.

We are committed to equality, treating people fairly, promoting a positive and inclusive working environment and ensuring we have diversity of people and views. We recognise that this is important for our business success - a more diverse workforce will enable us to better reflect and understand the world we research and ultimately deliver better research and insight to our clients. We understand the importance of commitments you may have outside of work and we consider all flexible working applications - please highlight what you are looking for when you make your application.