Our Challenge

As a Data Scientist, you will work on digital, data-driven transformation initiatives alongside data engineers, developers and DevOps specialists. You will help design, build and maintain the core platforms and services in the use of AI, Data and Analytics using new approaches to data management, proven best practices and modern tech stacks.

We're constantly looking for talented engineers across Cloud, Infrastructure, DevOps and Security, among others to add to our growing team in London. Therefore, even if some of the job duties are unfamiliar to you, please do not hesitate to get in touch with us. We believe that new challenges inevitably lead to new opportunities.

Responsibilties

Design and deploy core platform components for a new data mesh driven solution
Prioritize and deliver against a defined Backlog of Epics in an agile approach
Review and demonstrate solutions with stakeholders and aligned agile pods
Identify and implement automation opportunities to ingest, search and process datasets
Liaise with peers within various business domains to facilitate the adoption of the new platform

Requirements

You are:

A practical data scientist with experience in productionizing data science projects
Confident in applying statistics and probability theory to real world data analytics challenges
Experienced in time series analysis
Familiar with popular data science tools such as Pandas, Numpy SKLearn, Deep Learning would be highly appreciated
Aware of data mesh concepts and the transformational impact on enterprise data management
Able to work in an Agile environment
Ready to work with global, diverse, cross-functional teams, and can develop and nurture good working relationships
A strong decision-maker with excellent problem-solving, analytical and interpersonal skills
An excellent written and verbal communicator

It would be great if you also had:

A background in financial services, banking and large enterprise environments
Any experience in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence

We Can Offer You

Immediate interviews and starts
Market-leading rates

Diversity & Inclusion are fundamental to our culture, and Synechron is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) initiative ‘Same Difference’ is committed to fostering an inclusive culture – promoting equality, diversity and an environment that is respectful to all. We strongly believe that a diverse workforce helps build stronger, successful businesses as a global company. We empower our global workforce by offering flexible workplace arrangements, mentoring, internal mobility, learning and development programs.

All employment decisions at Synechron are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to the applicant’s gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.