Job Title: Data Science Lead
Division: Beazley Shared Services - Data
Reports To: As per Beazley’s organizational chart
Key Relationships: Data Science Team, Data & Cloud Modernisation programme, Business stakeholders (most notably Underwriting), CDO, CIO, Digital & Data Platform Owners, Data Science team, Data Value Management, Data Engineering, External partners

Job Summary: The overarching remit of the data science team is to create business value by supporting the widespread use of advanced analytics to support Beazley’s strategic initiatives. The responsibilities of the Data Science Lead role are loosely split 30/70 between: acting as the internal expert and advisor to senior stakeholders on advanced analytics, and as team and technical lead for building up the internal data science function, knowledge and advanced capabilities at Beazley.
You will work with business stakeholders to translate business problems into appropriate questions and work to devise data driven solutions by applying sophisticated and targeted analytics. In this capacity you will work closely with cross functional teams including experts from underwriting, actuarial, data and IT Architecture teams to identify data challenges and opportunities to achieve faster and smarter underwriting, and business / market insights. The Data Science lead inherits a team of data scientists and engineers, and will be responsible for ensuring the team have the capability and expertise to deliver enhanced business outcomes through reusable data products that collect, structure and model internal, and external data.

Key Responsibilities
Be the key point of contact for data science projects and take full responsibility for value delivery, ensuring effective partnership and communication with your stakeholders.
Ensure your team build and safely deploy advanced statistical and machine learning techniques that enable enhanced business outcomes
Set analytical quality assurance standards for data science projects and deliver in accordance with our data policies and ethics standards
Provide consultancy services to business domains which need support to progress their data maturity and business strategies.
Proactively research new ways of modelling data to unlock actionable insights or improve processes by researching best practices, conducting experiments, and collaborating with industry leaders.

Don’t meet all the requirements? At Beazley we're committed to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. If you’re excited about this role but your experience doesn’t perfectly align with every requirement and qualification in the JD, we encourage you to apply anyway. You might just be the right candidate for this, or one of our other roles.

General
At Beazley we are committed to doing the right thing because it is the right thing to do. It is important that within all your interactions both internally and externally you adhere to this principle through adoption of Beazley’s core values and behaviours.
Adopt the Beazley culture of being bold, striving for better and do the right thing. This contributes to an internal environment of teamwork and promotes a positive brand image and experience to all our external customers.
Comply with Beazley procedures, policies and regulations including the code of conduct which incorporates the PRA and FCA Conduct Rules. Undertake training on Beazley policies and procedures as delivered by your line manager, Culture & People or assurance teams (compliance, risk, internal audit) either directly, via e-learning or the learning management system.
Display business ethics that uphold the interests of all our customers.
Ensure all interactions with customers are focused on delivering a fair outcome, including having the right products for their needs.
Comply with any specific responsibilities necessary for your role as outlined by your line manager, Culture & People or assurance teams (compliance, risk, internal audit) and ensure you keep up to date with developments in these areas. This may include, amongst others, Beazley’s underwriting control standards, Beazley’s claims control standards, other Beazley standards and customer relationship management.
Carry out additional responsibilities as individually notified, either through your objectives or through the learning management system. These may include membership of any Beazley committees or working groups.

Data @ Beazley
Our Data team support Beazley’s vision by…
Being bold through pioneering & championing an exciting vision of how people interact with data
Facilitating innovation by leading the pace of change in data & analytics, and facilitating the latest capabilities and innovative technologies
Doing the right thing by providing a controlled working data environment that allows all business domains to thrive independently
Being the single source of truth for enterprise-wide reporting metrics and KPIs

Personal Specification
Education and Qualifications
Graduate or a post graduate with a science, technology, engineering or mathematics background.

Skills And Abilities
Strong analytical skills with attention to detail
Able to identify and help the business to assess options and solutions that best fit requirements
The ability to manage time, meet deadlines and prioritise
Stakeholder management and ability to communicate concisely at a number of levels
Understands business principles and strategic drivers

Knowledge and Experience
Excellent analytical skills across descriptive and/or predictive analytics
Proven team player with ability to work with all levels in a highly intellectual, collaborative, and fast paced environment
Strong communication skills, with the ability to tailor them appropriately for different audiences, technical backgrounds, and seniority
Experience with big data and a solid foundation in managing large datasets
Proficient with programming languages used by data scientists like Python, R, Scala,
Skills in data engineering technologies like Hadoop, HDFS, Spark, Elasticsearch
SQL and NoSQL databases
Experienced in managing and manipulating data
Use of various business analysis and project management tools covering scope definition, requirements documentation and progress reporting
Knowledge of relational and dimensional database structures, theories, principles, and practices

Aptitude and Disposition
Value and outcome focussed, self-motivated, flexible and enthusiastic
Professional approach to successfully interact with managers/colleagues/external suppliers

Competencies
Refer to “Future Selves” document
Analytical thinking
Conceptual thinking
Customer focus
Self Starter
Information Seeker
Team working