Programme overview

If you want to improve the world through the responsible use of data, the MSc in Data Science will give you the skills to do so. You will learn how to understand, in depth, the computational and statistical principles of modern data science and be skilled at the rigorous and ethical application of these techniques to real-world challenges.

Whether you have a background in numerate sciences, engineering, or computer science, the programme will provide you with the skills to succeed in this exciting and fast-moving discipline. It will equip you with excellent employment prospects to pursue roles in industry as either a data scientist or data engineer as well as for research and development roles.

This MSc Aims To

Equip you with the ability to work across disciplinary boundaries in the effective application and deployment of data-intensive solutions in a variety of contexts.
Give graduates a breadth and depth of knowledge and skills in computational, machine learning, and statistical principles and the capability for insightful large-scale data analysis, so you will be able to specify and implement analytical pipelines for real-world data at scale.
Provide you with a good understanding of the ethical issues in the application of contemporary data science techniques to real-world challenges so you can be conversant with arguments concerning the risks and potential benefits and disadvantages arising from the deployment of these technologies.
Enable you to independently initiate data science projects specified at a high-level perspective, leading them from scoping onward to completion, while exercising appropriate project management methods and maintaining stakeholder engagement.

The MSc in Data Science has been co-designed with industrial partners and is highly relevant to rewarding employment opportunities. There is a strong emphasis on responsible innovation and ethics to encourage you to use your knowledge and skills for societal good in the workplace or through further research. The course is closely associated with excellent research in the University, ensuring leading-edge teaching.