Please note that this role is based in Saudi Arabia on a permanent, residential basis.

Job Req ID: 6088

Description:
Aramco energizes the world economy.
Aramco occupies a unique position in the global energy industry. We are the world's largest producer of hydrocarbons (oil and gas), with the lowest upstream carbon intensity of any major producer.

With our significant investment in technology and infrastructure, we strive to maximize the value of the energy we produce for the world along with a commitment to enhance Aramco’s value to society.

Headquartered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and with offices around the world, we combine market discipline with a generations’ spanning view of the future, born of our nine decades experience as responsible stewards of the Kingdom’s vast hydrocarbon resources. This responsibility has driven us to deliver significant societal and economic benefits to not just the Kingdom, but also to a vast number of communities, economies, and countries that rely on the vital and reliable energy that we supply.

We are one of the most profitable companies in the world, as well as amongst the top five global companies by market capitalization.

Overview
Saudi Aramco is seeking a senior data scientist to join their EXPEC ARC with 10+ work experience in relevant industries. We are seeking highly motivated, self-driven individuals with expertise in advanced data analytics and predictive techniques. As a candidate, you will join our team of world-renowned researchers as we push the boundaries of developing AI algorithms in support of the Oil and Gas industry. In this role, you will develop novel techniques to examine a wide variety of multi-disciplinary data, lead algorithmic research, develop and deploy technologies for different upstream challenges within a diverse research environment.

The successful candidates will be involved in all aspects of the creation and delivery of ML/AI-enabled solutions including problem definition, data acquisition, data exploration, feature engineering, experimenting with various ML algorithms, evaluating metrics, deploying models, and iteratively improving the total solution.

Key Responsibilities
Lead and collaborate on research projects with internal and external researchers in a multi-disciplinary team
Contribute research that can be applied to product development and work with experienced AI scientists and subject-matter experts to implement solutions
Design and develop scalable solutions using AI tools and machine-learning models (recommendation systems through a combination of data mining and prediction techniques)
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements
Pursue novel technologies to implement solutions and establishing new areas of research
Write code to support research, usually in Python, C/C++
Work towards long-term ambitious research goals, while identifying intermediate milestones
Influence research communities by producing publications and participating at conferences

Minimum Requirements
Experience holding a faculty, industry, or researcher position (A minimum of 10+ years)
Ph.D. in machine learning, AI, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, data science, or related technical fields
Experience in theoretical and numerical research with a primary emphasis on statistical data analysis and experimental design (uncertainty quantification, Spatio-temporal statistics, Multivariate data analysis)
Experience communicating research through publications in peer-reviewed conferences
Excellent programming skills with an experience in developing and debugging in C/C++, Python, R, C#, SQL, NoSQL, Java, and Scala
Deep understanding of Machine Learning & Deep Learning algorithms
Experience with big data, knowledge of analytic visualization tools (Hadoop, MongoDB, and Kafka)
Knowledge of tools and platforms provided by various cloud providers such as AWS, Azure, and GCP
Rich record of problem solving through patent and product development

Working environment
Our high-performing employees are drawn by the challenging and rewarding professional, technical and industrial opportunities we offer, and are remunerated accordingly.

At Aramco, our people work on truly world-scale projects, supported by investment in capital and technology that is second to none. And because, as a global energy company, we are faced with addressing some of the world’s biggest technical, logistical and environmental challenges, we invest heavily in talent development.

We have a proud history of educating and training our workforce over many decades. Employees at all levels are encouraged to improve their sector-specific knowledge and competencies through our workforce development programs – one of the largest in the world.