The Freemium R&D team oversees the entire user journey on Spotify and ensures we engage with people in innovative ways, every step of the way. Our team grows Spotify’s audience by finding future listeners around the world and delivering the right value to them, at the right time. With research, product development, product design, engineering, and marketing all collaborating in one organization, we’re able to quickly create meaningful features and services for millions of people around the world, resulting in joyful, long-lasting relationships with Spotify.

When you think of commerce at Spotify, you might think of the millions of subscribers and their transactions from purchasing Premium subscriptions. But as we deliver on our mission to empower creators to live off of their art, we are diversifying. From enabling fans to purchase artist merchandise, to enabling podcasters to monetize ad space in their content and much more - all of this will be powered by the commerce platform.

As the commerce platform team, our mission is to unlock commerce at Spotify through a best-in-class platform that enables teams to quickly and safely build businesses. As the Product Insights team within commerce, our mission is to enable user-centric, data-driven decision-making across the team. We’re looking for an experienced Senior Data Scientist to help us do this, to help shape the future of a single unified commerce platform for Spotify.

What You'll Do

Partner with product managers, user researchers and design to create & communicate insights that directly drive major product decisions.
Define metrics to help us understand our product’s performance & work with engineering to implement the necessary instrumentation.
Influence product strategy with foundational analysis.
Drive prioritisation by estimating the impact of potential product changes.
Test our product changes by running AB tests or other causal inference techniques.

Who You Are

5+ years of professional experience in data science or related fields.
You understand product development, and how to influence it with data analysis
Ability to build meaningful stakeholder relationships with cross-functional colleagues
You have advanced knowledge in SQL, a scripting language (e.g. python) & data visualisation
Have an in-depth understanding of statistics and how they can be applied to exploratory analysis
Comfortable running the full lifecycle of a DS project, from ambiguous needs and stakeholders to data preparation, analysis, product recommendations and beyond

Where You'll Be

We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them!
Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the EMEA region in which we have a work location
Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere options here.
Working hours? We operate within the Central European time zone for collaboration
We ask that our team members be located within Greenwich Mean time zone, Central European time zone, or Eastern European standard time zone for the purposes of our collaboration hours

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.