About the role
MOLOCO is a marketing technology company that is growing rapidly. We are helping companies market their mobile apps through our programmatic solution that utilizes data mining, lookalike targeting and machine learning optimization. We’re in a hypergrowth stage both in technology and business and looking for an Operational Data Scientist to provide operational support and data analytics.
What you'll do

Data Analysis: writing queries, scripts, and producing figures which provide insights into campaign performance by campaign, or by metric across campaigns.
Data validation: verifying the data we obtain from ad exchange and the third-party mobile app tracking solutions so that our campaign models get trained with accurate data.
Campaign optimization: engaging in the life cycle of campaigns from building the initial lookalike model, monitoring daily performance, and advancing machine learning models.
Working cross-functionally to support campaign management by communicating results, requesting additional resources, and improving our product to help meet our client’s needs.
What you'll need to succeed
Education & Experience: Master’s degree in data related field required, and 2 years of relevant industry experience post-graduation.
Statistics: must have strong experience in experimental design, A/B testing, linear/logistic regression, hypothesis testing
Machine Learning: must be comfortable with basics of model creation, evaluation, and deployment.
Programming: experience in Python and SQL required.
Cloud Computing: experience with GCP Big Query and Looker a plus.
Ability to manage multiple projects at the same time while paying attention to detail.
Proven track record of ability to take ownership of tasks and projects and come up with creative solutions, rather than simply completing delegated tasks.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with ability to present information and analysis results smoothly and fluently.
Ability to relate well to others and build functional and positive relationships within our team and with cross functional stakeholders.
Prior experience adapting to a steep learning curve and a high volume of new domain specific information, especially if no experience in ad tech.
Experience with automation is a plus as we streamline our campaign management.