Entain is one of the world’s largest sports betting and gaming groups, operating both online and in the retail sector. With offices across five continents and licences in more than 20 countries, we operate some of the most well-known and iconic brands in the industry with more than 250 years of combined history – names such as Ladbrokes, partypoker, bwin and Coral.

We welcome you to join a vibrant team of data scientists and data engineers excited to use state of the art Google Cloud technology and the most advanced Machine Learning techniques to make a real impact to the business. We are looking for a Data Scientist with experience in attribution modelling and other CRM advanced analytics, like churn, customer lifetime value, cross sell, and forecasting.

Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our marketing strategy.

You can choose one of our offices in London or Gibraltar. You will benefit from access to learning resources and conferences and be part of a fun and inspirational work environment.

You Day To Day Tasks
Analyze performance across channels, build attribution models, present suggestions on optimizing ROI and driving growth for all brands and territories under the GVC umbrella
Create Machine Learning models and analytics that optimize the Marketing and Customer management of our online gaming products
Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms and prepare them for deployment into our live production environment
Conduct research and development activities, data exploration and discovery, develop prototypes, algorithms and proof of concepts, using leading data science and innovative Big Data solutions
Put forward opportunities that can be solved through advanced analytics and work to develop these
Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges
Extract valuable business insights and provide recommendations based on those insights
Present your findings and recommendations in a visually appealing way to senior stakeholders
Undertake pre-processing of structured and unstructured data for your analytics
Analyse large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns
Collaborate with the Data, Marketing and Product development teams
Contribute to the design of solutions of monitoring and reporting for our models
Perform peer QA-ing of advanced analytics activities
Occasional travel to a few other offices would be required (e.g. once or twice per quarter).
Skills we are looking for candidates to have experience within:
Advanced use and application of data modelling concepts
Strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra)
Proficient in the use of SQL and Python/R
Proficient in the use of Excel and Tableau/PowerBI or a similar visualisation tool
Experience in attribution modelling or econometrics/MMM
Experience in CRM modelling - CLV, churn, propensities, cross-sell, etc.
Experience working in a cloud environment, like Google cloud (GCP) or Amazon cloud (AWS)
Business analyst skills to translate business needs into technical requirements
Analytics mind-set skill with the ability to turn a business question / problem into an analytics plan, deciding on what data to use, how to transform it, what methods / models to apply, how to turn the outcome into usable, actionable output
Pragmatic thinking & high degree of attention to detail
Good understanding of the end to end Machine Learning (ML) environment
Good communication and stakeholder management skills, including presentation skills, to communicate clearly, regularly, effectively and meaningfully at the senior level of the organization
Experience using Git or a similar version cont
Understanding of Markov Chain and Shapley Value methodologies
Experience designing experiments to understand incrementality e.g. conversion lift tests, blackout tests
Hands on experience using Google Analytics (GA) sessions data
Knowledge of marketing platforms like DCM, Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, AppsFlyer
Understanding of testing methodologies like Unit Testing and User Acceptance Testing
Experience in using BigQuery, Dataproc, and Cloud Composer in the Google Cloud
We’re Entain. Powered by our very own technology and building products that push boundaries, Entain is home to a global family of more than 25 well-known brands and over 24,000 people, but we all play for the same team. When we win, we win together. Our vision is to be the world leader in betting, gaming and interactive entertainment by bringing moments of excitement into people’s lives. We will achieve this through our focus on sustainability and growth, driving change in the fast-paced world of entertainment.

Diversity and inclusion at Entain

As a global employer, Entain is committed to providing a safe, fun, and inclusive culture where our people feel like they truly belong. We are a multicultural business that values, celebrates and respects individual differences, so whatever your sexuality, gender, gender identity, ability, age, race, religion or belief, you will have a voice here, and the space to do your best work. Our diverse internal networks provide the support for you to express your views and make a positive difference.

Wellbeing at Entain

We want our employees to feel healthy and supported at home and at work. That's why we have our Well-me programme, which provides information, tools and training to help our people look after their mental and physical wellbeing in ways that matter to them.