EY is looking for a Manager to join the Credit Risk team. Credit Risk is a rapidly growing area supported by an increased focus across the industry in a variety of domains, including regulatory capital, IFRS 9 provisions, climate change and data driven credit life cycle transformation. That makes this a great time to join a high-profile, inclusive team where you’ll work together with the most interesting and knowledgeable colleagues you can find in the industry.

Our Credit Risk team works closely with other EY financial services risk practitioners, as well as our IT Consulting and Financial Accounting Advisory Services teams, bringing together the range of quantitative modelling and technical skillsets needed to support our clients’ complex requirements. Driven by our strategic growth plans and industry change, our Credit risk team is projected to see year-on-year growth over the next 3 years.

We offer our clients comprehensive solutions to industry wide challenges, including IFRS 9, Stress Testing, portfolio & capital management, Open Banking, credit life cycle automation, model re-platforming and many others. Through our delivery, we apply a wide range of traditional modelling skills sets but increasingly as well newer more tech and big data enabled ones, such as machine learning models of different complexity. Beyond the credit life cycle, we are applying the same model validation, model governance and model monitoring capabilities to applications in AML/CTF, fraud, customer analytics, … in the context of our Trusted AI offering.

The opportunity

As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with many of the world’s leading banks, and to leverage the deep knowledge and wide-ranging skills and experience of your Credit Risk colleagues.

The successful Credit Risk Manager will lead client engagements and internal projects. You will also take the lead in identifying and developing potential business opportunities for EY on existing engagements. Helping to create a collaborative and inclusive working environment by practicing active listening skills and respecting differences is something that is important for you.

You will contribute to shaping our emerging solution around Trusted or Responsible AI, where model risk management, including bespoke model validation offerings, are delivered building on the team’s experience in credit models. You will help firms develop and implement ethical AI principles, and managing the risk for bias and discrimination created by models.

Similarly, you will anticipate and identify delivery risks and raise any issues with senior members of the team. In line with our commitment to quality, you will determine that work is of a high quality and is reviewed by the next-level reviewer. As an influential member of the team, you'll help to create a positive learning culture and will coach and counsel junior team members and help them to develop. Your career journey will also be supported by an EY counsellor, and you will be encouraged to ask questions and seek collaborative solutions with your teammates to tackle the challenges that arise on client projects.

Your Key Responsibilities

As a Manager in the team you can expect to be involved in the following activities:

Participate in quantitative risk engagements, primarily along the credit life cycle
Work effectively as a team member sharing responsibility, providing support, maintaining communication, and updating senior team members on progress
Assist in preparing reports and schedules that will be delivered to clients and other parties
Develop and maintain productive working relationships with clients while building strong internal relationships within the advisory practice and across other services
Contribute and drive the development of different aspects of our Trusted AI solution (MRM, validation workplans, …)
Conduct performance reviews and contribute to performance feedback for staff
Maintain an educational program to continually develop personal skills
Promote an inclusive and positive working environment

To qualify for the role you must have

Experience in Financial Services, either as part of an institution; in an advisory or business consulting capacity to such organisations or as a regulator of such institutions
Strong academic background including at least a Bachelor's degree (Computational Finance, Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, or Physics preferred) or equivalent
Knowledge of Probability of Default (PD) / Loss Given Default (LGD) / Exposure at Default (EAD) / Internal Ratings Based (IRB) / Stress Testing
Knowledge of Credit Risk & Financial Services Regulation – such as IFRS9
Experience in any of the following software development environments: Python / R / SAS / SQL / R / Matlab
Knowledge of standard Machine Learning techniques, and their potential applications

Skills And Attributes For Success

Confident and credible communicator who displays both technical knowledge and commercial/business understanding
Strong analytical problem-solving skills
Project management and excellent report writing skills
Experience in stakeholder and client management
Ability to drive business development and contribute to the growth of the EY market solutions
Team player with an inclusive mindset

Ideally, you'll also have

We are interested to hear from people with the right attitude for the job! That’s naturally curious and innovative people that feed on the energy of a thriving global team. You’ll need a balance of technical and analytical skills, a creative approach to work and strong communication skills. If you’ve got big ideas on how we can do better, this role is for you.

What Working At EY Offers

We offer a competitive remuneration package. Our comprehensive Total Rewards package includes support for flexible working and career development, and with FlexEY you can select benefits that suit your needs, covering holidays, health and well-being, insurance, savings and a wide range of discounts, offers and promotions.

About EY

As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. And with a commitment to hiring and developing the most passionate people, we’ll make our ambition to be the best employer by 2021 a reality.

If you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible.

Join us in Bbuilding a Bbetter Wworking Wworld.

Apply now.

Who We Are

EY is committed to being an inclusive employer and we are happy to consider flexible working arrangements. We strive to achieve the right balance for our people, enabling us to deliver excellent client service whilst allowing you to build your career without sacrificing your personal priorities. While our client-facing professionals can be required to travel regularly, and at times be based at client sites, our flexible working arrangements can help you to achieve a lifestyle balance.

Diversity and inclusiveness are core to who we are and how we work. We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging — where people are inspired to team and lead inclusively in their interactions every day.

Please note: Prior to finalizing your application, you will be asked to provide personal information across several dimensions of diversity and inclusiveness. The information you provide is kept entirely confidential and will not be used to evaluate your candidacy. We collect this data to help us analyse our recruitment process holistically and implement actions that promote diversity and inclusiveness. While optional, we encourage you to provide this information to hold us accountable towards our goal of building a better working world. We ask because it matters!