Who We Are

Artefact is a new generation of a data service provider, specialising in data consulting and data-driven digital marketing, dedicated to transforming data into business impact across the entire value chain of organisations. We are proud to say we’re enjoying skyrocketing growth.

Our broad range of data-driven solutions in data consulting and digital marketing are designed to meet our clients’ specific needs, always conceived with a business-centric approach and delivered with tangible results. Our data-driven services are built upon the deep AI expertise we’ve acquired with our 1000+ client base around the globe.

We have 1000 employees across 20 offices who are focused on accelerating digital transformation. Thanks to a unique mix of company assets: State of the art data technologies, lean AI agile methodologies for fast delivery, and cohesive teams of the finest business consultants, data analysts, data scientists, data engineers, and digital experts, all dedicated to bringing extra value to every client.

Role Profile

A Data Scientist at Artefact will innovate, build, train and communicate with a team made up of consultants, data scientists, and engineers to identify client needs and define innovative solutions. You will work in a collaborative team which champions knowledge sharing. You will coach others, keep abreast of industry news/updates and, and share your discoveries with others.

Projects You Might Work On
Evaluate optimal marketing campaign strategies using causal frameworks
Causally measure the impact of a marketing campaign on ROI
Forecast sales using a mixture of proprietary client data and third party data
Build robust data pipelines on the main cloud providers (GCP, AWS, Azure)
Implement cutting edge research
Your Technical Skills
Programming skills in Python including building, testing and releasing code into production
Solid foundation in statistics or econometrics to work on projects that need: forecasting, NLP, Bayesian inference, causal frameworks, time series, hypothesis testing.
Working knowledge of well-known Python libraries for data and ML: pandas, numpy, scikitlearn, matplotlib. Knowing (or willingness to learn) pystan, bnlearn, pymc3 would be a bonus.
Experience using Git and version controlling
Experience evolving in *nix environments using the command line
Willingness to learn and find solutions to complex problems
SQL skills and experience working with relational/columnar databases (e.g. BigQuery, SQL Server, Postgres)
Experience using one of the main cloud providers (GCP, Azure, AWS) is desirable
Experience with agile software delivery and CI/CD processes is desirable
Your Mindset
Curious, you are always seeking innovative solutions for your clients
Sharing of knowledge is essential for you and you actively participate in the diffusion of information within Artefact (seminaries, formations, certifications)
Entrepreneurial, you bring solutions, new ideas, within your team at Artefact
You are eager to work or learn on any part of the value chain of projects (infrastructures and platforms creation, data collection, application of machine learning models, APIs REST creations, of front-ends, of tests, continuous deployments)
You have strong communication skills and can popularize technical terms or solutions to more business oriented profiles, you can work in a team with very diversified profiles
You are independent in managing your tasks and timelines
Why Join Us
Artefact is the place to be: come and build the future of marketing
Progress: every day offers new challenges and new opportunities to learn
Culture: join the best team you could ever imagine
Entrepreneurship: you will be joining a team of driven entrepreneurs. We won’t give up until we make a huge dent in this industry!