If you need assistance during the recruiting process due to a disability, please reach out to our Recruiting Accommodations Team through the Accommodation Request form . This form is used only by individuals with disabilities who require assistance or adjustments in applying and interviewing for a job. This form is not for inquiring about a position or the status of an application.

Data Scientist III, Product Analytics

Are you excited by the opportunity to pioneer the future of travel? Do you want to redefine the way people plan, search for, and book their travel?

At Expedia Group, we believe that travel brings the world together, and we are passionate about the endless possibilities. This role is a great opportunity to join our global Product Analytics and Experimentation team where we are user experience optimization obsessed!

The Performance Insights and Measurement Strategy team leads product performance related strategic analytics and customer experience advanced insight, ensuring that top level understanding of performance and the resulting decisions are being made are off the back of sound data and analytics principles. This results in simplification, efficiency improvement, consistency and clear accountability on product performance measurement.

As a data scientist III in the team, you will work closely with the embedded product analytics teams and the customer advocacy team in leading our efforts to get advanced insights on customer experience and our core metrics. Examples include working on anomaly detection, creating methods to identify the key drivers of negative customer sentiment and understanding the link between our key metrics and gross profit.

What You'll Do
Identifying opportunities to leverage advanced analytics methods to develop a deeper understanding of performance such as through forecasting and anomaly detection
Understanding the interaction of key metrics and their relationship with strategic and performance goals
Exploratory analysis to identify friction across the customer journey, and quantify the business impact of this
Collaborating across the Centre of Excellence team to define how we embed new metrics into our experimentation culture
Defining a strategy for anomaly detection alongside the data visualization and engineering teams
Working with the wider product analytics team at Expedia Group to share sophisticated analytics techniques
Who You Are
Excellent logical thinking, a very strong background (Bachelor’s/Master’s degree) in a quantitative field such as mathematics, physics, engineering, operations research, data science or similar.
Demonstrated ability to work through complex business problems and implement suitable solutions.
Ability to use and interpret machine learning models such as propensity modelling and forecasting techniques
Creative and analytical in thinking with a love for data, to both disagree with and convince senior partners backed by data
Experience in web analytics using tools such as Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics.
Experience with large datasets and proficient in SQL and another programming language (e.g. R, Python).
Excellent verbal, written and data visualization skills.
Ability to prioritize among conflicting demands and be comfortable with ambiguity.
Sharp focus on results and strong attention to detail.
About Expedia Group

Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is a force for good, we help people experience the world in new ways and build lasting connections. We provide industry-leading technology solutions to fuel partner growth and success, while facilitating memorable experiences for travelers. Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™.

© 2021 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50

Employment opportunities and job offers at Expedia Group will always come from Expedia Group’s Talent Acquisition and hiring teams. Never provide sensitive, personal information to someone unless you’re confident who the recipient is. Expedia Group does not extend job offers via email or any other messaging tools to individuals to whom we have not made prior contact. Our email domain is @expediagroup.com. The official website to find and apply for job openings at Expedia Group is careers.expediagroup.com/jobs .

Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or age.