WFP celebrates and embraces diversity. It is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all its employees and encourages qualified candidates to apply irrespective of race, colour, national origin, ethnic or social background, genetic information, gender, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, religion or belief, HIV status or disability.


Are you an experienced Data Scientist interested in further developing your professional experience while contributing to ending global hunger? Are you passionate about helping those in need? Would you like to join a global organization investing in its people?


If so, an exciting & fulfilling career awaits you! Join our diverse and passionate team that works on varied and international projects directly contributing to saving & changing millions of lives around the globe.


DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS

Applications must be submitted by Thursday, September 29, 2022 (11:59 PM CET)


WHO WE ARE

The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP), a highly prestigious, reputable & world’s largest humanitarian organization, operating in more than 120 countries and territories, bringing life-saving assistance in emergencies, building pathways to peace, stability and prosperity for people recovering from conflict, disasters and the impact of climate change and supporting sustainable and resilient livelihoods for a world with zero hunger.

At WFP, people are at the heart of everything we do and the vision of the future WFP workforce is one of diverse, committed, skilled, and high performing teams, selected on merit, operating in a healthy and inclusive work environment, living WFP's values (Integrity, Collaboration, Commitment, Humanity, and Inclusion) and working with partners to save and change the lives of those WFP serves.

To learn more about WFP, visit our website: UN World Food Programme (WFP) and follow us on social media to keep up with our latest news: YouTube, LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter.


WHY JOIN US?

WFP is a 2020 Nobel Peace Prize Laureate
WFP offers a highly inclusive, diverse, and multicultural working environment
WFP invests in the personal & professional development of its employees through a range of training, accreditation, coaching, mentorship, and other programs as well as through internal mobility opportunities
A career path in WFP provides an exciting opportunity to work across the various country, regional and global offices around the world, and with passionate colleagues who work tirelessly to ensure that effective humanitarian assistance reaches millions of people across the globe
We offer an attractive compensation package (please refer to the Terms and Conditions section)


ORGANIZATIONAL CONTEXT

The Office of Internal Audit (OIGA) is part of the Office of the Inspector General (OIG).

OIGA’s mission and role is to provide WFP stakeholders with independent and objective assurance and advisory services designed to address the main risks to WFP operations and help WFP achieve its goals through improvements to the effectiveness of its governance, risk management and controls.

The position of Data Science Team Leader is located in WFP’s headquarters in Rome, where extensive analysis of data is required by the Office of Internal Audit (OIGA). The Data Scientist Team Leader will typically report to a designated Manager of Internal Audit overseeing data analytics for OIGA.


KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES (not all-inclusive)

Within delegated authority, You will be responsible for the following duties: (These duties are generic and may not be performed by all Data Scientists.)

Drafts and implements the work programme on data science, providing both methodical and managerial supervision of all activities; plans, organizes and manages staff and evaluates their performance.
Studies, explores, and evaluates new and existing data sources to determine their effectiveness and accuracy for use in risk and fraud detection, and assess their suitability for actionable output by the audit team. Outputs will be used to provide data-driven recommendations to business stakeholders.
Coordinates and participates in the design and development of data science products to reveal insights, detect risks, and provide an understanding or knowledge of the data that would otherwise not be detected without the application of advanced analytical methods such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive analytics, data and text mining, natural language processing, statistics, and use of relevant algorithms and computational approaches.
Liaises with technology stakeholders to access infrastructure, software and services needed to develop and deploy data science products for OIGA.
Leads the promotion of the use of data science solutions by showcasing products to OIGA staff and business stakeholders; plans the dissemination of data products to key stakeholders, raise awareness of available data products.
Coordinates and performs the design and development of customized visualization and presentation products to reveal the findings of analysis for clients, suitable for all forms of production to include briefings, reports, documentation to OIGA, interactive interfaces, and publication of quality outputs.
At the request of OIGA management, leads or participates in internal audits and provides support to investigations, planning and performing audits, leading audit staff and audit consultants, or working under the supervision of investigators when supporting investigations; produces complete reports within the stipulated timeline and quality requirements of audit and investigation assignments.
Coordinates and oversees complex research and analyses to develop data products; uses internal and publicly available data and information.
Contributes to short- and long-term planning of the organization and assists in identifying threats and opportunities to the successful implementation of mandates.
Coordinates with OIGA and relevant functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Guides, trains and supervises staff in the data analytics function.
Other duties as required.


QUALIFICATIONS AND KEY REQUIREMENTS

EDUCATION:

You have:

University degree (Master’s degree or equivalent) in data science, computer science, information management, statistics, public administration, public information, management or a related field.

EXPERIENCE:

You have:

A minimum of 8 years of progressively responsible experience in data science, data analytics, applied mathematics, information management or related area.
Experience working with data science tools currently in use by OIGA including Python, Tableau, and SQL and non-SQL databases is required.
Experience with Python programming language is a must-have. Python coding skills will be verified through specific tests during the recruitment process.

LANGUAGE:

You have:

Fluency (level C) in English language.
Intermediate knowledge (level B) of a second official UN language: Arabic, Chinese, French, Russian, Spanish, and/or Portuguese (A WFP’s working language)


MORE ABOUT YOU

You have:

Experience and knowledge of internal audit, risk management, and fraud and corruption examinations
Technological Awareness
Strong planning, implementation. and organizational skills; ability to set and meet KPIs and deadlines, and proven ability to handle a variety of responsibilities with minimal supervision
Proven team management skills with a focus on motivation, training, development, and coaching of diverse teams to achieve results

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Mobility is and continues to be a core contractual requirement in WFP. This position is however classified as “non-rotational” which means the incumbent shall not be subject to the regular reassignment process unless the position is reclassified as rotational.

WFP offers an attractive compensation and benefits package, including basic salary, post adjustment, relocation entitlement, travel, visa and shipment allowances, 30 days’ annual leave, home leave, an education grant for dependent children, a pension plan, and medical insurance. For more information, visit https://icsc.un.org/.

The selected candidate will be required to relocate to Rome, Italy to take up this assignment.