At AstraZeneca, we work together to deliver innovative medicines to patients across global boundaries. We make an impact and find solutions to challenges. We do this with integrity, even in the most difficult situations, because we are committed to doing the right thing.

The Digital Health Oncology R&D Human-centered AI (HAI) Team strives to transform the patient experience and clinical trial process. We will do so by deploying digital solutions to clinical trials and in the real world to decrease patient burden. The approach the team takes will incorporate clinical trial data, Real World Evidence (RWE) data, clinical free text, medical imaging, Patient Reported Outcomes (PROs), and device data to define new digital approaches to addressing challenges across the AZ R&D portfolio.

The team is looking for a Senior Data Scientist to specialize in applying innovative machine learning methods focused on multi-modal datasets including clinical trial data, RWE, imaging data, and other biomedical data sources to address patient burden. This role will sit within the Digital Therapeutics, Diagnostics and Endpoints team with an emphasis on interacting with the Therapeutic Areas, clinical trial teams and other collaborators in the product development cycle. This Data Scientist will also work closely with the Digital Health R&D subject matter experts and partners to develop novel approaches that support the development of patient and HCP-facing digital products. Applicants should have a strong foundation in statistics, experience with machine learning in a production environment, detailed knowledge of the clinical trials space in the pharmaceutical industry and experience maintaining a portfolio of machine-learning enabled products.

Examples of projects the team works on include machine learning models for developing digital biomarkers, clinical trial optimization, digital therapeutics, computer vision diagnostics and clinical decision support tools, approaches to quantitatively analyze wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with ‘omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Works with sophisticated multimodal clinical datasets. Conducts analysis using data science and machine learning techniques.
Builds data and analysis pipelines to deliver clinical insights and reusable capabilities.
Researches and implements novel methods in optimization, machine learning, data analysis, data visualization.
Communicate results to technical and non-technical collaborators at multiple levels.
Independently keeps own knowledge up to date and learns from senior team members, proposing appropriate training courses for personal development.
Collaborates in a multidisciplinary environment with world leading clinicians, data scientists, biological experts, statisticians and IT professionals.

Essential

B.Sc. in a relevant field (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).
Demonstrated experience with and a understanding of a variety of statistical and machine learning methods and standard statistical/ML development practices.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools: Python, Code versioning (bitbucket/git), UNIX skills, familiarity working in cloud environment (AWS preferred)
AWS cloud compute experience including SysOps (provisioning resources required for analytics, Kubernetes, infrastructure as code is a bonus)
Experience developing machine learning first products including timeseries analysis, multi-objective optimization, forecasting, behavioral analysis

Desirable

Advance degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Interactive data visualization (interactive dashboards w/ DASH, plotly, etc.,)
Advanced experience with Kubernetes and machine learning product architecture
Advanced statistical and machine learning models such as hierarchical mixed bayesian models, transformer-based NLP models, reinforcement learning, deep learning models that span CNN/RNN/LSTM, GNNs, constrained optimization, state-of-the-art timeseries & forecasting models
Experience in data-led solution delivery and software lifecycle development practices including Agile/Scrum, Waterfall, DevOps and/or CI/CD.
ML Ops experience: model tracking, model governance, multiple models in different production contexts
Communication, business analysis, and consultancy
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry

We provide competitive salary and benefits

This role can sit at our Cambridge, UK; Gaithersburg, MD; or Waltham, MA locations.

Why AstraZeneca?

At AstraZeneca when we see an opportunity for change, we seize it and make it happen, because any opportunity no matter how small, can be the start of something big. Delivering life-changing medicines is about being entrepreneurial - finding those moments and recognising their potential. Join us on our journey of building a new kind of organisation to reset expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be. This means we’re opening new ways to work, pioneering cutting edge methods and bringing unexpected teams together. Interested? Come and join our journey.

So, what’s next!

If you are ready to make a difference - apply today, and we'll make it happen together!

Where can I find out more?

Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/
Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/
Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca/