Adam is the leading digital employee for rental communities, delivering automation and front-line intelligence through natural conversation. Through Adam, we are changing the way that real estate is operated, bringing automation for owners/operators and world-class customer service to renters.

Travtus is an AI R&D Company based in London, developing AI solutions for the Residential Real Estate industry.

About the Role
As a data scientist in the Adam team, you will be involved in everything NLP. Splitting your time between research and delivering/ supporting production models. You will work closely with the data engineers and software developers to breathe life and skills into Adam.

Responsibilities
The role of the Data-Scientist / Machine Learning Engineer is hands-on with the data and product every day. You will:
Understand business needs, researching and brainstorming models and ensembles that will help solve the problem
Design, implement and maintain Machine Learning Model Pipelines to solve business needs
Experiment with different models and measure performance and select solutions
Research and share the latest developments in Natural Language Understanding, Natural Language Generation, and Graph Neural Networks
Define infrastructure requirements and architecture for Model Training and Inference
Review performance of production models, performing evaluation and tuning
Own the data pipeline required for building reliable data sources for model development
Develop orchestration solutions for model pipelines
Work closely as a part of the software development team to ensure models are effectively leveraged in the product
Research and deploy data science best practices

Experience
We are looking for someone that will be a great fit for the role and the team. If that's you, you will be:
Will be passionate about NLP Technology and enjoy monitoring the latest developments and papers
Have an engineering mindset to solve real problems
Have good Python Development experience working with software at all stages of the development lifecycle
Have deep experience using AI platforms including Pytorch, Tensor flow & AWS Sagemaker
Be able to demonstrate direct experience in developing machine learning models and taking them through to production
Have practical knowledge of the latest transformer language models such as Bert, Roberta, GPT2, etc, and NLP Open Source Libraries e.g. Hugging Face, AI2, OpenAI, Spacy, etc
Have direct experience working on conversational interfaces
Have a scientific / statistics background (Sciences, Math, Engineering)

About the Team
Our team is a multi-disciplinary team of experts with everyone contributing their own area of specialism; from infrastructure to knowledge graphs, Real Estate Operations to dialogue design. By bringing all of that together we are able to push the boundaries in this new area of technology, and we’re able to fundamentally challenge the way one of the largest industries in the world operates.