The role

We’re looking for an experienced Staff Data Scientist to join our newly-established Data Science function. This role will work in close partnership with teams all across the business, including Product, Engineering, Marketing, Capital Markets, and Operations, to scope, design, and build data science solutions which improve business performance and decision making. We are looking for someone with broad experience, covering data modelling, applied statistics, machine learning, experimentation, and optimisation.

The team

Data Science and Analytics is a newly established function within PrimaryBid, focused on delivering BI, Analytics, Applied Statistics, and Machine Learning solutions across a wide range of functional areas. Our goal for the next 12 months is to establish a centre of excellence within PrimaryBid, putting data and analytics at the heart of decision-making across the business.

Key Responsibilities
Building, testing, and productionalising scalable Data Science and Machine Learning solutions across the business
Partnering with Product Management to gather stakeholder requirements and turn them into value-driven roadmaps for DS
Acting as a thought leader within the business on data-driven decision making, including customer segmentation, marketing/product optimisation, and machine learning
Mentoring team members across BI, Analytics, and Data Science
Adopting agile practices to delivery - developing MVPs, frequently soliciting input from stakeholders, sharing progress, and ensuring that end solutions are fit-for-purpose and drive change.
Acting as a senior member of the Data Science team, helping to influence and develop the capabilities and outputs of the team

Requirements
A deep understanding of Data Science and statistical techniques, their applications in segmentation, experimentation, optimisation, and predictive modelling
Advanced knowledge of Python or R (ideally both)
Advanced SQL, as well as experience working very closely with a data engineering team, understanding their role and best practices
The ability to turn insights into compelling stories for stakeholders to understand, for them to make more effective, data-led decisions
Experience mentoring junior team members and setting them up to work independently
Strong interpersonal and communication skills

Desirables
Experience with DataBricks, or similar collaborative DS environments
Experience with modern cloud-based data architecture, including dbt and Looker
Experience with deploying ML models in production and MLOps
Experience in a start-up or fast-growth environment

A day in the life of a Staff Data Scientist

While each day will be different to the last, you can expect to spend:
~10% of your time partnering with business stakeholders, understanding new requirements or presenting findings from existing work
~70% of your time developing data science solutions for the business, working in close collaboration with our Principal Data Scientist
~10% of your time working with other areas of the data team, including BI, Analytics, and Engineering
~10% of your time in planning and firm-building sessions

Interview Process

Meet & Greet

If your profile looks good, then we want to meet you! Let’s have an informal chat to get to know each other better. This chat is as much an opportunity for us to get to know you, as it is for you to understand more about the role and the plans for the business.

Team interview

Once you’ve been shortlisted, we will invite you for a technical interview with one or two senior members of the Data team. This is an opportunity to meet the people you’ll be working with and ask any technical questions you may have.

Technical Assessment

If this role sounds exciting to you, we invite you to complete our bespoke technical task. This will give you a chance to showcase your skills and present them back to our Director of Data Science.

Final Interview

If all goes well with the technical interview and with the assessment, we invite you to meet some members of the leadership team for a final chat.

Disclaimer: these interview stages can be subject to change at any point throughout the process.