Ever thought about a career in Counter Terrorism Policing? Well we have a really exciting opportunity just for you to start your CTP career right here!We’re looking for creative individuals to do something vital: unlock the power of data to combat threats and save lives. Join us - and bring cutting-edge tech to the CTP network.We are a collaboration of police forces that help protect the public and our national security by preventing, deterring and investigating terrorist activity.Counter Terrorism Policing North West (CTPNW) is one of five Counter Terrorism Units (CTUs) within a National Counter Terrorism Policing (NCTP) Network. CTPNW manages and coordinates the operational counter terrorism response on behalf of the five North West forces: Cheshire, Cumbria, Greater Manchester, Lancashire and Merseyside.CTPNW also houses a number of unique national CT capabilities that sit outside of regional operations and operate on behalf of CTP Headquarters. These national functions focus on the delivery of activities designed to strengthen the UK’s response to the threat from terrorism. This post is part of one of those national capabilities.Counter-Terrorism Policing (CTP) is revolutionising the way it uses data, analysis and technology. CTP is establishing a new Data Science and Analytics Team, based in Manchester, to develop advanced data capabilities and services to support the national CT Network. This is a high profile, national function leading innovative and mission-driven data capabilities to counter terrorism and other national security threats.As a Data Scientist you will identify business problems that can be solved through leveraging value from data and support operational teams in exploiting data to meet operational objectives. You will need to design, monitor and evaluate trials; partner with Data Engineers; support the Data Science community and manage stakeholders.Your skills could help protect the UK. With the ongoing terrorist threat, there has never been a more important time to be working alongside some of the best and brightest to help keep people safe.A career in Counter Terrorism Policing (CT Policing) is like no other. Every day offers a variety of exciting challenges and exceptional opportunities played out on a regional, national and international stage.