Explore the human side of data

With over 10,000 resources at our disposal, we provide indispensable industry information for the HR sector across the UK, the US and the Netherlands. We empower organizations to make the right decisions around their people. At the same time, we’re creating an inclusive, people-focused environment of our own. A culture where individuals with ambition, curiosity and ideas can make an impact. Where you can think big, aim high and explore more.

Data Scientist -XpertHR

Do you know how to build machine learning classifiers? Good enough with Python to produce production-grade code? Interested in employment issues? We might have a job for you.

Increasingly the challenges and opportunities facing HR practitioners involve the mastery of data. As a data scientist you would work with our content and development teams to build successful products in this exciting area.

Key Responsibilities:
You will be responsible for providing data science input to development initiatives.
You will be able to formulate business problems as achievable data science tasks and suggest innovations and process improvements to a friendly mixed team of data scientists, survey specialists, developers and content producers.
Finally, you will use your technical and team working skills to ensure that data science initiatives become high-value services to our customers.

Key Skills:
Python – functions, classes, modules, pip, git, Pandas, NumPy, Jupyter notebooks and the sklearn API will be far from a mystery to you
Machine learning – you can formulate appropriate problems into machine learning tasks, select appropriate methods, and then build, train, test and validate classifiers and regressors
Natural language processing – you will know how to stem, tag, tokenize and vectorise text inputs into a form that can be digested by other data science processes
Data manipulation– you will be able to query data even when this involves multiple joins and aggregations. You will have practical knowledge of ETL pipelines and the necessary part they often play in data science initiatives
Analysis and reporting – we are not expecting awesome visualisation work but you must be able to explore a dataset (and associated metadata) and then summarise your findings in a manner that would be clearly understood by your colleagues and our customers
Team working – you will be able to work in a mixed team of survey specialists, data scientists, software developers and content producers. You must be willing to reach out to other team members to get context, clarification, suggestions and assistance