About Us

The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.

You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.

Allstate operate a very flexible hybrid working policy that will allow you to design your working week in collaboration with your manager with a blend of remote and office working for NI based employees as well as condensed working patterns (4 day week/9 day fortnight) or other part-time working . Employees based in GB will be employed on a permanent remote working contract.

Join our team and you’ll find challenge and reward in a culture of innovation, support and balance.

Location

Belfast/ Derry – Londonderry/ Strabane/Remote from anywhere in the UK

Your role in the team

Data, Discovery, and Decision Science (D3) is the research and analytics organization at Allstate. In D3, you’ll be surrounded by 360+ tenacious and intellectually curious colleagues in an inclusive culture that encourages you to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. We are solving some of today’s most complicated analytics problems, making the lives of our Allstate colleagues easier and more productive, and driving our mission to deliver targeted insurance solutions to our customers.

We are partnering to incorporate analytics into every aspect of the enterprise. We are avid about learning new ways to get the most value from our massive data resources and leading-edge technology. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse team where everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed. We strive to hire people from different backgrounds so that we can better serve our diverse customer needs.

This role is responsible for leading the use of data to make decisions. This includes: the development and execution of new machine learning predictive modeling algorithms, the coding/development of tools that use machine learning/predictive modeling to make business decisions, searching for and integrating new data (both internal and external) that improves our modeling and machine learning results (and ultimately our business decisions), and discovery of solutions to business problems that can be solved through the use of machine learning/predictive modeling. This role will also manage projects of medium complexity.

Want to know more about our department and what we do? Hear what our team has to say about the roles and our work: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6EC4FXe4Bw

Key responsibilities include:

Uses best practices to develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs and to improve the accuracy of our data and data-driven decisions
Reviews, evaluates and communicates appropriateness of modeling techniques and results to team, leadership and stakeholders to ensure these are well understood and incorporated into business processes. With coaching, develops and executes communication strategy, keeping stakeholders informed and finding opportunities to influence the direction of work.
Collaborates with the team and works on data and business problems in order to improve the effectiveness of business decisions and business results through designing, building, and partnering to implement machine learning/predictive models. Understands the business’ problems to identify the optimal modeling approach.
Identifies languages and tools that can bring efficiencies or needed techniques to the team
Utilizes effective project planning techniques to break down moderately complex machine learning/predictive modeling and/or development projects into tasks and ensure deadlines are kept

So, what are the essential criteria to apply?

All candidates must evidence an existing right to work in the UK
3+ years’ experience in a related field working with data science techniques such as GBMs, ensemble forests, GLMs, deep learning or graph mining in industry or postgraduate experience.
Experience leading technical projects.

We also have some desirable criteria

Proven experience leading & managing analytical or data science-based projects
Proven experience implementing data science solutions into production systems
Proven experience leading & managing teams of technical individuals
A degree of any level in a quantitative field such as mathematics, physics or computer science with classification of 2.1 or higher (or equivalent).

Previous applicants in the last 12 months need not apply.

What We Offer

As Digital DNA’s Workplace of the Year 2020 & 2022 winners, we offer a generous benefits package that includes flexible annual leave entitlement, dental and healthcare insurance, an attractive pension package and discounts on gym memberships, public transport and parking.

Allstate invests heavily in your development, as an employee you will have access to multiple world-class learning platforms and courses from our award-winning in-house Learning & Development team.

We pride ourselves in providing clear career paths and opportunities for internal mobility allowing you to further develop within the organisation.

We encourage a better work life balance and you’ll have the opportunity to apply for various flexible working arrangements.

Statement on Fair Employment and Equal Opportunities

Allstate NI wishes to ensure equal opportunity is given to all job applicants. This company will not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender (including gender reassignment status), sexual orientation, religious belief, political opinion, marital status, age or disability.

We are an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons. However, as women are currently under-represented in our workforce, we would particularly welcome applications from women. All appointments will be made on merit.

Applicants should note Allstate NI complete AccessNI background checks on all candidates offered a position.

The closing date for receipt of applications is Monday 26th September 2022