Mars Wrigley Inc. is looking to continue to accelerate its data and analytics journey across sales and marketing. The One Demand Data & Analytics (ODDA) team has been set up to drive advanced analytics agenda, innovation and positive disruption within Mars Wrigley. Our vision is to become a leading Data & Analytics player in the CPG industry over the next three years, in support of delivering our reinvention strategy.

By leveraging machine learning, AI and new cutting-edge technologies, ODDA team set on a mission to revolutionise Omni- channel analytics and bring data to the forefront of decision making. The Senior Data scientist will be the key role needed for our continued journey and success. This is a global cross market role, where you will be working on the most challenging problems across the Digital Commerce and Omnichannel to drive competitive advantage for Mars.

The purpose of this role is to join and be an integral part of the expanding data science function and to deliver advanced analytics capabilities and solutions to take action, maximise value and make meaningful impact on our consumers, customers and business.

This will involve building a clear understanding of the potential benefits that connected data and analytics can bring and supporting this vision with stakeholders. The role involves hands-on delivery of analytics and insight.

Collaboration with stakeholders will be important throughout to ensure the insights are actionable and that the business is ready to apply them to deliver the benefits. The role requires end-to-end expertise from data, analytics and insight delivery to stakeholder engagement and support of benefit realization.

What are we looking for?
You will manage the data science best practices for business problems across omnichannel analytics projects, focusing on attribution modelling, cross-channel spend optimization, search engine optimization, forecasting, availability across both Omni channel and pureplay customers.
For such models, you will be responsible for the full Data Science lifecycle from conception to prototyping, testing, developing, deploying, maintaining model health, and measuring the overall business value of the models.
Knowledge of, and experience using key external third-party data sources including Nielsen/ IRI/ Store views, Kantar, Homescan Panel, media optimization data, CLV, Retail Execution, Shopper card, first party data, and consumer surveys.
Able to establish strong working relationship at all organizational levels across different functional teams.
Hire, develop and lead a team of data scientists and analysts. Partner with Product Leads, Data Engineers, and platform teams to build next generation transformative capabilities across Ecommerce and omnichannel analytics
Experience working with Amazon ecosystem desirable
5 to 10+ years professional experience within data science field, team management experience; Retail, CPG experience preferred
What will be your key responsibilities?
This role is responsible for evangelizing the adoption of data driven decisions across Mars by leading the development of advanced analytics methods, mining vast amounts of data from data lake (internal/ external data) to provide actionable insights for solving business problems or finding opportunities for profitable growth & efficiency.
Develop custom data models and algorithms (predictive, explanatory, A/B testing). Fully understand when it is appropriate to use the different techniques based on business need and data available.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy
Deliver keeping an optimal balance of time to deliver and level of detail/accuracy given data availability and/or imperfections
Ability to lead complex analytical exercises/projects delivering actionable insights and work closely with the product owners to embed the capability within business routines
Provide expertise on statistical and mathematical concepts and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the organization.
Leverage tech platforms like data robot to increase efficiency and productivity throughout the entire organization and act as a subject matter expert for information platforms and analytical/technical tools.
Hands-on experience using tools like Python (incl. tensorflow, pyTorch, Pandas), PySpark, Scala; experience querying databases (SQL, Hive) and working with big data platforms such as a Hadoop ecosystem and Apache Spark; knowledge of the Microsoft Azure Stack is an advantage.
Day-to-day you will work in multidisciplinary teams & collaborate with Mars Global Analytics, Big Data Engineering, and Advanced ML teams. As part of your role, you will also be expected to solve problems in close collaboration with users from our business segments & markets around the world.
Specific Skills
Python libraries, (Py)Spark, Scala
Machine Learning
SQL, Hive
Microsoft Azure
AGILE Software Development

What can you expect from Mars?
Work with over 130,000 like-minded and talented Associates, all guided by The Five Principles.
Join a purpose driven company, where we’re striving to build the world we want tomorrow, today.
Best-in-class learning and development support from day one, including access to our in-house Mars University.
An industry competitive salary and benefits package, including company bonus.
A company that understands the importance of a work-life balance.
The chance to take hold of your own career, and develop personally and professionally.