JPMorgan Chase is expanding consumer business beyond the U.S. borders for the first time, beginning with a digital-only retail bank in the U.K. We are looking for commercially minded, customer focused, hands on data scientists, who want to be a part of building digital-only retail bank.

Culture is as important to us and we are looking for intellectually curious and honest, passionate, hungry individuals who would like to expand their skills whilst working on a new exciting venture for the firm. This role will be based in London, United Kingdom.

The success of this business relies on the platform that will be built - we will be using a stack that is cloud native relying on cutting edge technology.

In this role, the candidate will be responsible for providing data-driven insights using machine learning techniques and advanced statistics, conducting A/B experiments in collaboration with product, marketing, design and research teams.

Key Responsibilities

Collaborate with key stakeholders, product and marketing partners to understand the business problem, designing A/B experiment, defining hypotheses and driving the analysis
Help the LOB stakeholders innovate through data-driven decisioning by analyzing data from diverse data sources to create rich insights that enable better decision-making
Work with other Data teams and multi-task on projects to summarize and synthesize data and present recommendations to the businesses in a clear and logical manner
Identify unexplored data opportunities for the business to unlock and maximize the potential of digital data within the organization
Support ongoing technology evaluation process and proof of concept projects

Qualifications

Experience with SQL with a strong ability to write complex queries to extract information arrive at an answer
Experience with advanced statistics and big data
Familiarity with machine learning concepts and its application
Competent in data analysis in Python
Distinctive problem-solving skills and impeccable business judgment
Ability to translate analysis results into business recommendations, and excellent written and confident verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to think beyond raw data and to understand the underlying business context and sense business opportunities hidden in data
Strong written and oral communication skills; ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and partners from a variety of business functions
Self-starter who can provide insights and drive results in a dynamic and fast evolving environment

J.P. Morgan is a global leader in financial services, providing strategic advice and products to the world's most prominent corporations, governments, wealthy individuals and institutional investors. Our first-class business in a first-class way approach to serving clients drives everything we do. We strive to build trusted, long-term partnerships to help our clients achieve their business objectives.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.