About MOLOCO

Moloco’s goal is to make the digital economy more equitable and profitable by delivering advanced machine learning to companies of all sizes. With Moloco’s machine learning platform for growth and performance, every app publisher and online retailer can now unlock the value of their unique, first-party data for user acquisition, retention, and monetization campaigns.

Founded in 2013, our advanced machine learning engine powers our product portfolio. Moloco Cloud DSP enables performance marketers to quickly scale user acquisition and achieve greater lifetime value through battle-tested prediction models. Moloco Retail Media Platform enables online retailers and marketplaces to establish their own performance ads business.

Our technology is best in class; we received the SMARTIES X silver award for Machine Learning and AI, and Moloco was named the Cross-Industry Winner for Google Cloud Customer Awards.

The company is in hyper-growth mode and we ranked #95 in the Inc. 5000 fastest-growing private companies for 2022. We ranked #91 among Deloitte’s 2021 Fast 500 and have been certified by 91% of the company via Great Places to Work .

It’s a great time to join this innovative team. Moloco is headquartered in Silicon Valley, with offices in San Francisco, New York, Seattle, London, Seoul, Singapore, Beijing, and Tokyo. For more information, visi t www.moloco.com

MOLOCO is a marketing technology company that is growing rapidly. We are helping companies market their mobile apps through our programmatic solution that utilizes data mining, lookalike targeting and machine learning optimization. We’re in hypergrowth stage both in technology and business and looking for an Operational Data Scientist to provide operational support and data analytics.

What You'll Do

Data Analysis: writing queries, scripts, and producing figures which provide insights into campaign performance by campaign, or by metric across campaigns.
Data validation: verifying the data we obtain from ad exchange and the third party mobile app tracking solutions so that our campaign models get trained with accurate data.
Campaign optimization: engaging in the life cycle of campaigns from building the initial lookalike model, monitoring daily performance, and advancing machine learning models.
Working cross-functionally to support campaign management by communicating results, requesting additional resources, and improving our product to help meet our client’s needs.

What You'll Need To Succeed

Education & Experience: Master’s degree in data related field required, and 3-5 years of relevant industry experience post graduation.
Statistics: must have strong experience in experimental design, A/B testing, linear/logistic regression, hypothesis testing
Machine Learning: must be comfortable with basics of model creation, evaluation, and deployment.
Programming: experience in Python and SQL required.
Cloud Computing: experience with GCP Big Query and Looker a plus.
Ability to manage multiple projects at the same time while paying attention to detail.
Proven track record of ability to take ownership of tasks and projects and come up with creative solutions, rather than simply completing delegated tasks.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with ability to present information and analysis results smoothly and fluently.
Ability to relate well to others and build functional and positive relationships within our team and with cross functional stakeholders.
Prior experience adapting to a steep learning curve and a high volume of new domain specific information, especially if no experience in ad tech.
Experience with automation is a plus as we streamline our campaign management.