Here at HM Land Registry, we are looking for a Data Scientist to join our team. You will join us on a full-time basis and in return,you will receive a competitive salary of £34,854per annum (Croydon £38,409per annum).

This Data Scientist role can be based at any of the locations below:

Birkenhead, North West England, CH41 6DU: Croydon, London (region), CR0 2AQ: Coventry, West Midlands (England), CV1 3BH: Durham, North East England, DH1 5TR: Weymouth, South West England, DT4 9TT: Gloucester, South West England, GL1 1DQ: Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire and the Humber, HU2 8JN: Leicester, East Midlands (England), LE3 5DR: Nottingham, East Midlands (England), NG1 7AU: Peterborough, East of England, PE1 1QF: Plymouth, South West England, PL6 5WS: Warton, North West England, PR4 1TE: Swansea, Wales, SA7 9FQ: Telford, West Midlands (England), TF3 4LR

As our Data Scientist you will join our award winning team which is the in-house DDaT directorate at the heart of our transformation into a digital, data-driven organisation. We are playing a pivotal role in ensuring that we are able to respond swiftly to our current challenges. We are providing a robust and resilient technical infrastructure to support a mobile workforce. We are enabling our customers to interact with us in increasingly digital and automated ways and delivering our transformation portfolio which will revolutionise the way that we operate and provide services.

Responsibilities As Our Data Scientist
Working in teams and collaborating with senior colleagues to complete tasks on Data Science projects
Working as a member of a team to understand where Data Science can add value with HMLR; Assemble data extraction and structuring pipelines, applying techniques from computer vision, natural language processing, and graph analysis
Performing data enrichment tasks
Contributing to the existing codebase to enhance functionality
Identifying opportunities for modeling and analysis of newly gathered data and processes
Engaging with stakeholders
Collaborating on the conceptualisation, development, and maintenance of Data Science solutions
Being open minded and demonstrating strong intellectual curiosity
Having an interdisciplinary interest and developing a familiarity with a wide variety of techniques to solve problems
What We Are Looking For In Our Data Scientist
A degree in a discipline with numerical or statistical elements, OR, a demonstrable portfolio of data science and machine learning
The ability to write efficient and readable analytics code that normally requires minimal basic changes at review time
The ability to use at least ONE data storage system Postgres/MySQL, OR MongoDB, OR ElasticSearch, OR Neo4j
Strong computational experience in one of the Analytical languages (e.g. Python, R, etc. and demonstrable ability to rapidly learn others
Experienced in utilising a wide range of data cleaning techniques and approaches for structured and unstructured data
The ability to write Python code that normally requires minimal basic changes at review time
Benefits Of Becoming Our Data Scientist

We offer very competitive terms, conditions, and benefits. We provide excellent opportunities for career progression, training, and development. You will have access to Civil Service pension and benefits arrangements and generous leave allowances, as well as flexible/hybrid working exactly what you would expect from a progressive employer.

It is a great place to work, where difference is celebrated and they're committed to fairness and equality for all, so you feel valued for who you are and what you do. Diversity fuels their innovation. Our shared values help us work together, to benefit the communities we serve. Our employee diversity networks support our culture of inclusion and contribute to our diversity action plan.

To continue your application for our Data Scientist role, please click Apply now.

Apply before 11:55pm on Wednesday 7th September 2022