Job Description

Data Scientist

Location: London

Type: Permanent

Purpose of Role

Work with data science managers to develop and implement robust data models to solve business problems.
Identify opportunities and drive continuous productivity improvements for POCs and Products.
Translate ambiguous statements into structured problem statements and testable hypotheses.
Utilize rich data to tackle meaningful business problems.
Responsible for coordinating reporting and analysis within the team.
Accountable for product reporting and performance improvement process.

Key Stakeholders

This role works closely with stakeholders and teams within D&T, Marketing & Innovation in a global capacity

Leadership Responsibilities

Create Possibilities: You will need to support efforts to make things happen.
Demonstrate exceptional leadership around the Diageo values and behaviours.
Grow yourself. Our ideal candidate is enthusiastic, wants to make an impact, stays positive, and can overcome setbacks.
Be Authentic: Always act with integrity. Focus on what’s important. Seek feedback and act upon it.

Top 3-5 Accountabilities

Support in the creation of data models.

Support the operation of existing models.

Recommend areas for improvement and innovation.

Possess a good understanding of data management processes and an ability to perform basic analytics.

Analytical Skills - Ability to determine basic analysis required to solve business problems.

The role will not have direct budget responsibility but will need to be financially aware of responsibilities and remain budget conscious and compliant.

Qualifications And Experience Required

3-5 years’ experience & knowledge in Data Science or Machine Learning Algorithms
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering/ Technology/ Statistics/ Economics.
Hands on experience in solving various advanced analytics use cases such as segmentation, forecasting, market basket analysis, optimization, key driver/causal analysis, recommendation systems, up-sell cross-sell, predictive modelling, etc.
Both theoretical & hands on knowledge of application of different advanced analytics methodologies like: Clustering, Time Series Forecasting, Multivariate Regression, Logistic Regression, Linear & Non-Linear Optimization, ML Models like Random Forest, GBM, SVM, XGBoost, etc.
Experience delivering solutions using Agile methods
Knowledge & experience in SQL database & MLOps
Solid knowledge of various statistical techniques and experience using machine learning algorithms
Proven experience building Machine Learning models
Strong programming skills in languages such as Python, R

Key qualities to succeed in this role

Attention to detail

Ability to communicate, engage and influence stakeholders

Ability to deliver to commitments

Ability to work across cultures/geographies.

Flexibility is key to success in our business and many of our staff work flexibly in many different ways, including part-time, compressed hours, flexible location. Please talk to us about what flexibility means to you and don’t let anything stop you from applying.

Celebrating our inclusive and diverse culture is core to Diageo’s purpose of “celebrating life every day everywhere”. This purpose is, in itself, inclusive in nature, as it values everybody irrespective of background, disability, religion, gender identity, sexuality or ethnicity.

About Us

From Arthur Guinness to Johnnie Walker, our business was founded on people of great character and in 250 years, nothing’s changed. We’re the world’s leading premium alcohol company.

Our brands are industry icons. And our success is thanks to the strength of our people, in every role. It’s why we trust them with our legacy. And it’s why we reward them with the career-defining opportunities that they deserve.

Our ambition is to create the best performing, most trusted and respected Consumer Products Company in the world. To achieve these, we need the world’s very best people.

We're looking for people with creativity, boldness and a sense of purpose to take Diageo and our timeless, pioneering brands to the next level.

Feel inspired?

Then this may be the opportunity for you!

Worker Type

Regular

Primary Location:

1HQ

Additional Locations :

Job Posting Start Date

2022-07-03-07:00