At Deliveroo we have an outstanding data science organisation, with a mission to enable the highest quality human and machine decision-making. We work throughout the company - in product, business and platform teams - using analysis, experimentation, causal inference and machine learning techniques. We are uniquely placed to use data to help make better decisions and improve data literacy across Deliveroo.

Data Scientists at Deliveroo report into our data science management team, and we have a highly active data science community, with guest lecturers, study groups, mentorship programmes, a robust technical review process, and plenty of opportunities to learn new things. Data Scientists can equally progress as technical leads (individual contributors) and as people managers.

Our data scientists come from all kinds of backgrounds but have excellence in common. Many are formally trained in data science, many are not. We celebrate difference and have a dedicated data science diversity committee.

About The Role

We are looking for our next Senior Data Scientist to join our Risk and Abuse team. The team is responsible for protecting Deliveroo & our customers from abuse, fraudulent behaviour, and account security issues. You will work in a cross-functional team alongside engineers, machine learning engineers and product managers to develop systems that make automated decisions at massive scale. Your team has a high degree of autonomy and works on some of the most interesting problems at the intersection of riders, consumers, and restaurants.

In this role you will:

Investigate data patterns to identify fraudulent behaviours on our platform.
Collaborate with Machine Learning Engineers to develop models and heuristics for fraud prevention.
Design and execute a range of experiments aimed at measuring the impact and robustness of our fraud prevention products.

The work you will do will have a direct, measurable impact on the bottom line of the company.

Qualifications:

Experience designing experiments and also conducting analysis using causal inference methods
Ability to think creatively
Always curious and willing to learn new skills.
Great communication skills - in person, in writing, in code; to technical and non-technical audiences
A critical thinker with attention to detail
Proficiency with analytical tools like R/Python and familiarity with SQL
A pragmatic and flexible approach, where you most care about achieving impact
Excellent people skills

At Deliveroo these are just some of the tough problems we are solving - and there is no challenge that cannot be yours. The scope for growth and personal impact is enormous.

Benefits and Diversity

At Deliveroo we know that people are the heart of the business and we prioritise their welfare. We offer a wide range of competitive benefits in areas including health, family, finance, community, convenience, growth, time away and relocation.

We believe a great workplace is one that represents the world we live in and how beautifully diverse it can be. That means we have no judgement when it comes to any one of the things that make you who you are - your gender, race, sexuality, religion or a secret aversion to coriander. All you need is a passion for (most) food and a desire to be part of one of the fastest growing startups in an incredibly exciting space.