We’re First Central Insurance & Technology Group (First Central for short), an award-winning innovative insurance and technology organisation, delivering market-leading motor insurance, underwriting, distribution, finance, technology and legal services.

Can you apply critical thinking and problem-solving skills to analyse and interpret data? If you can … read on. We’re currently recruiting for Data Scientists to join our Underwriting team across a range of positions, based on your experience.

Working as part of a team of data scientists and other specialists, you’ll help deliver a portfolio of innovative services that will discover and create value from the Company’s vast array of information assets. Applying data science techniques and developing tools to deliver this value, you’ll provide benefit to multiple business areas.

You’ll work with large amounts of data from a range of sources and in a variety of structured and unstructured formats, where you’ll apply critical thinking and problem-solving skills to analyse and interpret data. Building predictive models and generating machine learning algorithms, you’ll propose solutions to business challenges, and collaborate with other teams to implement these solutions.

To be successful in these roles, you’ll need to have:
Proven experience in data science and data analysis
A degree in Data Science or other quantitative field
Good understanding of statistical techniques and their application, including GLMs, decision trees, random forest, boosting, distributions, clustering, simulation and scenario analysis

Job Responsibilities:
Graduate Data Scientist
Develop data services that include deep learning, predictive analytics and machine learning
Perform data analysis and data collection processes that effectively support these services
Work individually and with team members and other teams to deliver data science solutions
Adhere to good coding practices, work within existing risk controls, identify and report potential risks
Comply with the requirements, and act in accordance with, the Group Code of Conduct and Fitness and Propriety policies at all times
Ensure compliance with Company Policies, Values and guidelines and other relevant standards/ regulations at all times.

Data Scientist (in addition to above)
Scope out potential new solutions to identified business problems
Follow coding best practice, support graduate team members
Test external data

Senior Data Scientist (in addition to above)
Identify and define business problems that could be assisted with data science
Identify external data
Accountable for delivery of solutions to business
Review output of fellow team members, support ongoing improvement of team

Experience
Graduate Data Scientist
Good understanding of statistical techniques and their application, including GLMs, decision trees, random forest, boosting, natural language processing, distributions, clustering, simulation and scenario analysis
Knowledge of data platforms, and data processing
Knowledge of data structures and schemas, data preparation and cleansing
Experience of machine learning techniques and libraries
Knowledge of data science toolkits and languages, such as R, Python, Scala
Experience of data exploration and visualisation tools
Good knowledge of data query languages, such as SQL, HiveQL, scripting
Knowledge of data integration services and ETL
Analytical and problem-solving aptitude

Data Scientist (in addition to above)
Proven experience of utilizing data science techniques to support business issues
Experience delivering projects through a change framework

Senior Data Scientist (in addition to above)
Successful experience of delivering across the range of data science techniques
Strong knowledge of modelling methodologies and the ability to effectively communicate these to support up-skilling of others
Experience with data science integrations using APIs or web services


What can we do for you?
We believe we can offer you a great working environment as we’re so passionate about our people. Here are just some of the benefits and perks that we offer…

Fantastic training and development opportunities
Employee benefit packages to suit your lifestyle
Flexible working
YOUday – we give you an extra day off to celebrate a special day
The opportunity to take a paid day off each year to do charity work
A health cash plan
Help with travel expenses
The opportunity to buy additional holiday
Company pension scheme
Group life assurance
Enhanced maternity and paternity pay
Professional subscription fees paid

Employee wellbeing is high on the agenda here too. We provide discounted membership at a local health club and access to an Employee Assistance Programme, which promotes physical and emotional wellbeing at work and at home. In addition, we provide wellbeing events throughout the year to support physical and mental health.

Want to know what it’s really like to work at First Central? Take a look at our Glassdoor reviews.

For further information on what we can offer and to learn more about this role, feel free to contact our Talent team.