Vacancy NameData ScientistVacancy NoVN10234Location CountryUnited KingdomLocation CityWho are V.Group?As a global leader in ship management and marine services, we add value to a vessel’s operations. Operating around the clock and around the world, V.Group gives every client the quality and efficiency they need in every sector. Covering crew management and recruitment, quality ship management and technical services, together with supporting management and commercial services, V.Group has an unrivalled industry knowledge with performance assured. Our values, We Care, We Collaborate, We Challenge, We are Consistent, We Commit and Deliver, are at the heart of everything we do and they support our strategy of Investing in Talent. We are always interested in making contact with talented individuals - people who will demonstrate our values and deliver great service, for internal and external stakeholders.Overall Purpose of The JobThe Data Scientist will support all the teams of the company, at all levels, with insights gained from analysing company data. The data scientist that will help the company discover the information hidden in the company’s data, and help the company make smarter decisions to deliver even better service to its clients. The primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems that will be integrated with the company’s Business Intelligence platform and other systems, for smarter and faster decision making and reporting.Key Responsibilities and Tasks1. Data mining using state-of-the-art methods

Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner
Creating, maintaining, and improving systems designed to assess performance across a breadth of datasetsRequired Experience
Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Strong problem solving skills
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Experience working with and creating data architectures
Experience with data visualisation tools (PowerBI, D3, Tableau, etc.) or data plotting tools (Matplotlib, Seaborn, Plotly, etc.)
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Experience extracting datasets from databases (using SQL etc.)

Desirable

Familiarity with JavaScript or C#
Basic understanding of the Maritime industry
Experience working with a wide range of datasets or sectorsWhat can I expect in return?V. Group can offer you a market leading salary and benefits package, in addition to significant opportunities for career growth and personal development. This a great opportunity to join a true leader in the maritime sector - a company that has exciting plans for future growth.Applications Close Date16 Oct 2022