Who are we?

We hire those that seek to innovate across people, process and technology. Join our global workforce, visualise the future and strive for success. Our engineering campus and corporate offices in the UK and US are optimal environments for ideas and innovation to flourish.

ALL.SPACE, formerly Isotropic Systems, has developed the 5th generation smart terminal, capable of linking with all satellites, all networks, in all orbits, all at once. Our ground-breaking software-defined service enablement platform integrates intelligent routing, edge computing and on-demand services to deliver unprecedented network resilience and application performance. Whether you're on land, sea or air, we ensure that you stay connected.

Visit www.all.space to learn more.

Opportunity:

ALL.SPACE is seeking an outstanding Computational and Data Scientist to join our growing Lens Team of creative, highly skilled engineers. The Computational and Data Scientist will be responsible for developing and optimising functional algorithms and software for our lens design process and data analysis as well as introducing and implementing new features in our tools. The role responsibilities involve computational as well as statistical analysis of larger data sets. This role will report to the Director of Lens Antenna Engineering.

The compelling candidate will have shown excellence in applying programming and scripting to solve physics and engineering problems. Experience in machine learning and/or writing/tweaking stochastic optimisation algorithms is a strong discriminator. Knowledge of electromagnetics and antennas, transformation optics, and lens design are all relevant. Independent, self-driven work ethic and good team, high verbal and written communication skills are required.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop, improve and optimise functional algorithms and software applied to our lens design process
Statistical and data analysis including incorporation of machine/deep learning approaches
Development of pre- and post-processing tools generating formatted reports and data visualisation of simulation and measurement results
Develop and improve tools enabling the integration of custom algorithms with commercial electromagnetics software (especially focused on electromagnetic simulations of antenna and lens components)

Requirements
Relevant engineering, computer science or physics degree required with 3 years of experience or 5 years including MSc/MEng
Strong mathematical and statistical analysis skills
Proficiency in Python, Matlab/Octave, or similar
Proficiency in Windows and Linux OS
Knowledge of / background in antennas / computational physics / electromagnetics.
Experience and knowledge of machine learning techniques (scikit-learn)

Desirable skills:
Experience with optimisation algorithms, particularly multi-objective stochastic optimisers such as CMA-ES or NSGA
Neural networks/Deep Learning (ideally Keras/Tensorflow)
Experience with database systems and SQL
Experience in AWS parallel cluster
Conventional lens design or gradient index (GRIN) optics
Antenna design, modeling, and analysis (lens antennas / antenna arrays / beam shaping / metamaterial antennas)
Experience managing and using computational clusters

Other Abilities:
Ability to communicate calmly in a well thought out response, verbal and written
Must have substantial problem-solving abilities
Ability to effectively present information in team meetings and design reviews as needed

Benefits
Generous stock options
Annual bonus
25 days annual leave
Public holidays
Travel to work schemes
Fruit, snacks & drinks
Discounts platform
Well-being centre

ALL.SPACE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, non-disqualifying disability, or any other basis covered by applicable laws. We base all hiring decisions on candidate qualifications and business needs.