What we're looking for:

Green Flag is going through an exciting transformation to be a digital and data business within the motoring industry! We have started our transformation to develop cloud-based data and analytics platforms (AWS) to inspire staff to use data in creative ways to develop data products to improve and personalise customer experience and guide commercial value.

Our Data Science team is central to the development of future products. We are now looking for a Senior Data Scientist, reporting to the Head of Data, on a permanent basis. You will be based remotely with occasional travel to either our Leeds, Bromley, or Glasgow sites.

You will use data to guide better decision making through machine learning and analytics solutions. The Senior Data Scientist will have access to multiple internal and external data sets, such as digital customer journeys, breakdown data and sales data. This is a hands-on technical leadership role. Data science analysis and modelling will be the primary focus of this role.

What You'll be Doing:
Lead data science programs identified in Green Flag's product strategy
Find and advocate for opportunities to use data better
Provide relevant insight through advanced analysis and interpretation of multiple complex data sets.
Prototype solutions to bring data science outputs to life
Mentor and sometimes direct the work of other team members, especially more junior members.
Inspire and educate team members who are new to data and analytics.
Contribute and input into our data strategic road-map, especially by contributing to how Green Flag develops more machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions
Ways of Working:

Here at Direct Line Group, we recognise the importance of flexibility, not only in our personal lives but also in the way we work. Our mixed model way of working offers a 'best of both worlds' approach combining the best parts of home and office-working, offering flexibility for everyone.

How much you'll be in the office depends on your role, and we'll consider the flexible working options that work best for you. You can find out more about our flexible working approach or please get in touch with the team to discuss.

Benefits:

We recognise we wouldn't be where we are today without our colleagues, that's why we offer such excellent benefits designed to suit you as and when you need them:
9% Pension
50% off home, motor and pet insurance plus free travel insurance and Green Flag breakdown cover
Additional optional Health and Dental insurance
EV car scheme allows all colleagues to lease a brand new electric or plug-in hybrid car in a tax efficient way.
Generous holidays
Buy as you earn share scheme
Employee discounts and cashback
Plus many more
Life at Direct Line Group:

Direct Line Group is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and we're committed to making DLG a truly inclusive place to work.

We recognise and embrace that people work in different ways and we'll always adapt as much as possible so you have the best and most comfortable working environment that we can offer. We know you're more than a CV, and the things that make you, you, can bring real potential to DLG.

If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.