About Attest

Founded in 2015 and headquartered in London and New York, Attest is a consumer research SaaS platform for the world’s biggest and fastest growing brands. Attest’s easy-to-use, self-serve dashboard is coupled with on-demand research expertise, empowering anyone to quickly conduct high-quality research and be continuously tapped into the consumer.

Some of the notable brands leveraging continuous insights to put the consumer’s voice at the center of their business with Attest include Unilever, Santander, Walgreens/Boots, Klarna, Brew Dr. Kombucha, Trustpilot, JCDecaux among many others. To date, Attest has raised $90 million in venture capital with backing from investors such as Kismet, Schroders, and NEA. To learn more about Attest, visit www.askattest.com .

Data Science at Attest

Attest implements a cross-functional squad model, which means that Data Scientists are embedded in squads and work alongside Product Managers, Data Engineers, Front-end and Back-end Engineers, and Designers to solve specific business problems. In addition, Data Scientists spend some of their time at the Data Centre of Excellence, working on projects which are valuable to the business in the long term. We also collaborate closely with Data Engineers to deploy and monitor models in the product.

Data Scientists at Attest have considerable autonomy and being proactive is an important part of the role. We love to learn and stay active and up-to-date by taking part in internal hackathons, speaking at conferences, and attending training courses. Attest provides a recurring budget for attending conferences and technical training, as well as for funding personal growth and professional development opportunities.

The mission for this role is to...

As a Senior Data Scientist, you’ll take data science projects from idea to production, working closely with our Engineering and Product teams to identify ways to produce efficient and high-impact solutions in simple and low-touch ways.

This Includes

Our aim as a team is to research, develop and implement novel techniques to enable our clients to achieve accurate and useful insights from their survey data.

Filtering out low quality data via statistical and machine learning quality detection and anomaly detection algorithms.
Proposing recommendations on improving survey designs through experimentation design and A/B testing.
Automating the insights discovery from large amounts of unstructured survey data, such as generating groups and themes of open text answers, predicting sentiment, and other NLP tasks using our domain-specific language models.

We utilise a number of techniques under the umbrella of data science and machine learning. In particular, we focus on natural language processing, supervised and unsupervised machine learning, experimentation design, active learning, and explainable AI.

Your focus will be...

Build new capabilities that deliver immediate value and help our clients to gain valuable consumer insight more easily.
Use supervised and unsupervised machine learning, NLP and deep learning techniques to understand consumer data, make predictions about their validity, and extend this to semantic analysis and entity recognition.
Collaborate and communicate across the whole company to identify new use cases, develop ideas with our clients and create best-in-class products.
Collaborate closely with Data Engineers to deploy models into the product.
Teach and mentor other data scientists in the team, and the wider company about your discipline.
Participate in engineering & product planning, stand-ups and retrospective meetings.
We’d love to hear from you if...

You have experience developing and delivering production-ready data science projects in a high-growth commercial setting.
You have good knowledge of Python, strong coding and software engineering skills and extensive experience with libraries and frameworks used for statistical modelling and machine learning.
You have experience building data pipelines, a good knowledge of SQL and related technologies and are comfortable handling large-scale datasets.
You are a confident and thoughtful communicator, both verbally and in writing, able to adapt your style to connect with different audiences and in different contexts.
You are a team player. You take a collaborative approach and enjoy contributing toward a culture of improvement.
You are curious and possess rigour in your way of thinking, using data and your experience to make informed and balanced decisions. You ask thoughtful questions and are naturally able to develop solutions from a position of insight and knowledge.
Pay & benefits

We believe that everyone’s unique skills and experience are important and we celebrate every hire we make. Our pay and benefits programme is designed with a focus on the wellbeing, engagement and growth of our people.

A competitive salary that fairly recognises your experience and potential
We’re enthusiastic to offer all Attesters EMI share options in the company so that as the business succeeds, so do you!
25 days (UK) or 23 days (US) paid holiday per year. This is in addition to local public holidays and an additional 2 days off around the festive season
To help you save for your retirement, you’ll be auto-enrolled to our group pension plan when you join
Once you’ve completed your first few months, you have the option to relocate temporarily (up to 6 months) or even permanently up to +/- 4 hours of London or New York using our International Mobility programme
Support with remote and flexible working both whilst we navigate the world as it is now and in the long-term. We’ll even give you £300 to set up your home office
A generous career growth and development budget of £500 a year to support your learning
Access to private and confidential coaching or counselling via Sanctus
Spend up to 2 paid days per month - 10% time - focusing on your growth, giving back to your community or supporting your favourite charity
10 days paid sick leave a year - for your body and your mind
24/7 Employee Assistance Programme by Care First
Your choice of equipment and access to great tools that support your productivity and impact
An open, inclusive and supportive team where everyone is valued and all ideas and suggestions are welcomed