Are you an experienced Data professional?
Do you have hands on experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders?
Are you interested in joining a firm that delivers award winning training and opportunities for career progression?
Role

We are currently seeking to hire a Data Scientist at Manager level to join our Belfast Centre of Excellence.

Who You Are

You are a problem solver and data is your raw material. You architect and build solutions to issues by applying analytics and AI techniques to client data. You translate complex business problems into a roadmap of technical tasks, utilising a variety of tools, capabilities and technologies. You are comfortable working with data of all kinds, from structured data, to free text, images and video. You have built a specialist skill set and continuously seek to learn and improve. You have strong programming skills and can rapidly learn new programming languages. You likely have a maths, statistics, analytics, computer science, maths, engineering or similar academic background. You can demonstrate a problem-solving mindset, taking responsibility for delivering an outcome. You want to be a specialist with cutting edge skills and desire to be always relevant.

You enjoy working in multi-disciplinary teams, including data engineers, data scientists, AI specialists and business and process SMEs. You understand that delivery is a team sport and work collaboratively to achieve sustainable results, while learning from and mentoring your colleagues. You have a growth mindset and want to be part of a team that is innovative, yet confident in high quality delivery.

Technical Skills Required
Data wrangling skills
Alteryx, DataRobot, SAS, SPSS, R, Scala, Spark, Python , Java, Qlik, Tableau
Network analysis, enterprise graph
NLP, NLG, Computer Vision
Suite of Machine Learning algorithms
What You Will Be Doing

You will be working as part of a wider team, dedicated to using to extract actionable intelligence from data, to deliver on a client’s strategy. You will liaise with internal and client SMEs to understand the data and technology landscape, propose and design analytics and AI solutions and deliver client outcomes. You will be building skills as you deliver, continuously learning, to deliver optimal outcomes. You will work with clients, build relationships and earn a trusted advisor brand. You will be conversant with the continuously changing data and technology landscape to stay at the forefront of your field. You will be part of the Go To Team for all things Analytics and AI. You will be responsible for client delivery in a typically fast paced environment.#

What You Can Expect

Building a pioneering innovation and delivery team in the data, analytics and AI space is a strategic objective of KPMG Ireland. You can expect support from the highest leadership in the company to grow and develop your skills to help lead the markets. You will be hands on, working across functions and industries, continuously learning and building your skills.

You will be expected to be consulted and participate in solving client issues.

We Offer More Than Just a Career Opportunity

We believe that training is about preparing you for a career as an IT professional through on-the-job development and relevant formal training programmes. This learning and development will help you acquire the skills required for success. You will have the opportunity to work in a technology-centric role on varied projects across industry sectors to begin with. As you gain experience you have opportunity to specialise or to switch competencies to further broaden your capabilities. Thought out this period, you will receive guidance and support from a dedicated Performance Manager as you progress through the different stages of your lifelong career. You’ll consistently expand your skills and knowledge on latest technologies and industry trends through virtual classrooms and on-demand learning

Team

KPMG offers a broad range of advanced analytics services across a wide range of clients, globally. Our dedicated analytics practice works with our clients in providing a wide range of services, across industries and functions, that harness capabilities in data engineering, advanced analytics, artificial intelligence coupled with business domain expertise.

In Ireland, we have recruited a strong leadership team, tasked with building a differentiated Data, Analytics and AI practice, that delivers cutting edge solutions using the latest developments in technology, to address issues of strategic concern to our clients. The opportunity is to join this highly specialised, expert team and help build and grow this practice. We are looking for professionals at all levels, with deep technical expertise, coupled with strong communication and people management skills, dedicated to becoming leaders in their fields.

Hard Work Is Rewarded At KPMG

We offer excellent remuneration packages at all levels.

Our Values

Our Values guide our behaviours day-to-day, informing how we act, the decisions we make, and how we work with each other, our clients, companies that we audit, and all our stakeholders. They guide our thousands of extraordinary people to do what is right, learn and improve every day, think and act boldly, respect and draw strength from our differences, and do what matters.

Integrity: We do what is right.

Excellence: We never stop learning and improving.

Courage: We think and act boldly.

Together: We respect each other and draw strength from our differences.

For Better: We do what matters.

Diversity

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Creating an inclusive culture where all our people achieve their potential is fundamental to our business. In addition, our employees have the option to avail of our flexible working policies/intelligent working arrangements. To learn more about diversity at KPMG, click

Apply

If you would like to apply to this role, please apply via kpmg.ie/careers/consulting.

By applying to this role your application will not only be considered for this position but your details will be stored on our database and may be considered for similar future positions that may arise. This means that the personal data contained in your application and provided to KPMG as part of the application process may be retained by us for up to 18 months from the date of your application and you hereby agree to that. If you do not wish your details to be stored on our recruitment database please email careers@kpmg.ie stating this and we will ensure that such information is not stored other than for the purposes of this application.