About Salary Finance

Salary Finance is a leading global FinTech platform. We support a community of 4M employees across 575 clients (inc 20% of the FTSE 100) in the UK and US, and provide a suite of financial employee benefits, to help employees improve their financial health and happiness. Our platform provides salary-linked savings, loans, pay advances, insurance and financial education. We have a team of over 250 brilliant and passionate colleagues in 3 countries and have the backing of great investors (Blenheim Chalcot, Legal & General, Experian, Goldman Sachs, Royal London, Virgin Money) with £100M in equity and £500M in debt funding raised to-date. We have won over 70 awards for our work, including MoneyAge's Consumer Champion of the Year, Prince Charles' BITC Responsible Business of the Year, and the Global Impact Award from Sadiq Khan for our US growth.

We were co-founded by entrepreneurs Asesh Sarkar (CEO), Daniel Shakhani, and former Head of Google UK and Ireland Dan Cobley (Chairman) and are authorised by the FCA.

Your role in our mission

We are looking for an exceptional Data Scientist. Reporting to the Data Science Manager, you will help us transform our multiple rich data sources into meaningful data-driven insights across the business and drive better value maximising decisions.

The Essentials
You have 2+ years of work experience in a Data / Decision Science or STEM field or relevant research work in an academic environment
You are a proficient user of R or Python (we mostly use R but Python is also fine) and SQL (our data is queried using SQL)
You have experience building predictive and stable Machine Learning models and supporting their deployment in live environments
You are able to present complex technical details, concepts and information in an easy to digest and understandable format
You have a high tolerance for ambiguity and frequently changing priorities and a genuine can-do attitude with the ability to self-drive projects to completion

The "good to haves" but not essential
You have a bachelor's or postgraduate degree in a STEM subject or equivalent experience
You have 2+ years of work experience in the Financial Services / FinTech sector
You have experience working with cloud based technologies for ML (especially GCP or AWS)
You have good knowledge of setting up ML scorecard monitoring to track its performance in the live environment
You have experience working closely with business units without advanced technical data science expertise
You have experience preparing and maintaining up-to-date data sets and feature stores
You have basic understanding of powershell / bash and deployment automation tools (Docker)

What You'll Do
Develop new ML and statistical models to help build and optimise strategies within Marketing, Collections, Credit Risk, Employer Risk, Commercial and Operations that add value to the business
Work closely with the Credit Risk, Decision Systems, BI and other business units to drive data-driven insights
Support the automation of various data processes across the business to minimise manual work and improve efficiency
Contribute to the development and maintenance of high quality data structures and feature stores to facilitate efficient and scalable model building and reporting
Support real-time monitoring of various sources of risk by tracking digital news and social media activity and sentiment
Perform champion/ challenger strategy scenario testing
Work within cross-functional squads to deliver key business initiatives

What's in it for you?
Company bonus scheme
25 days holiday with an extra day off on your birthday
Hybrid working arrangements so you can work from the office and from home with a budget to help you get set up
Generous company benefits to include pension and life assurance and an annual allowance to spend on medical insurance, health cash plan, denplan, gym memberships
Enhanced policies that are family and pet friendly, to include company sick pay and Peternity leave
Annual personal learning budget
Great career development in a fast paced environment
Regular company socials (post covid, although we've got quite good at virtual ones too!)
Volunteer days as part of our CSR program
Being part of a collaborative and entrepreneurial team working in our brand new, purpose-built offices at Scale Space, White City
Being part of a community of Blenheim Chalcot-backed fintech growth businesses including ClearScore, Liberis, Kodoo and Modulr, with opportunities to share and learn together
More great perks to include complimentary fresh fruit weekly, cycle to work, help to save and much more!

Who You Are

We embrace our differences but there's one thing we like to share our values, so it's important to us you are:
Fearless, and able to make the impossible possible.
Responsible, and want to help build a business that delivers a meaningful difference to society.
Dedicated and want to commit to an exciting journey even through the highs and lows.
Empathetic and truly care about every colleague and customer.
United, because you understand we achieve more when we work as a team.
Humble, and take feedback as a way to continuously improve.

We're looking for people that will get stuck in and make a difference. We have a great collaborative, entrepreneurial team and are passionate about what we do. If you want to join a team that is changing people's lives for the better then we'd love to hear from you.

Learn more at salaryfinance.com

Salary Finance is proud to be an equal opportunities employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive work environment where all employees and applicants can flourish.