Our client based in West London is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join their team. MFK Recruitment has successfully recruited 2 individuals to the team in the past 18 months, both candidates are really enjoying their roles. The Senior Data Scientist will work on-site in West London, you will be working on fascinating projects mainly for clients in the Defence sector. My client delivers systems that can perceive and understand the world with the same semantic richness as the human brain and using the same neural mechanisms they believe are at work in the brain. Their approaches are inspired by their recent advances in theoretical neuroscience, which are beginning to deliver an understanding of how the brain makes sense of the world. The project team will work on the development of a novel enhanced convolutional neural network based on a proprietary approach already developed by the company. Senior Data Scientist - job responsibilities:-Enhance our machine learning software with the latest in machine learning/deep learning/computer vision algorithms.
Apply your existing knowledge of CNNs, machine vision and image analysis techniques to the development of an enhanced CNN system based on our research outputs.
Contribute to development and software engineering efforts to develop solutions to our most pressing problems and to put your work into practice.
Participate in ownership of a system that will be a core component of our machine vision and image analysis products.
Work with research colleagues and offer technical support to colleagues in commercial roles in developing business opportunities. Senior Data Scientist job skills & qualifications:
Strong experience in Python and Pytorch
Able to create and explain your own customised solutions for specific problems such as customised neural networks, loss functions, optimisers, metrics.
Able to discuss and apply latest state-of-art deep learning/computer vision papers.
Experience in developing Transformer and CNN -based applications.
Proven contribution to design, development and scaling of high quality, practical reliable software.
Enthusiastic about working in a fast-paced engineering team. Senior Data Scientist - Desirable skills:
Experience using Transformer or CNN neural networks for real-time multiple object detection & localisation, tracking, segmentation, pose estimation or similar computer vision tasks.
Experience modifying or creating novel Transformer and CNN architectures to deliver increased classification and detection & localisation accuracy and in optimising performance.
Work with high/low resolution aerial or satellite images.
SCRUM or other agile/rapid development methodology experience.
Kubeflow, Docker, Kubernetes experience.
Worked with GANs, familiar with synthetic data generation/synthetic imagery.
Familiarity with Unreal or Blender and 3D modelling.
Experience working with academic and/or industrial researchers.
Working with important defence sector clients. You will need to be able to pass security clearance processes to at least BPSS and, preferably SC level.
Strong academic background; MSc or PhD in computer vision / machine learning or similar.
Publications or papers submitted to top Computer Vision journals or conferences