Description

Position at Tokio Marine HCC

Job Overview And Purpose

The Exposure Data Scientist will work within the Catastrophe Exposure Management (CEM) team, providing Cat Modelling and Exposure Management support to all lines of business across the TMHCC group.

Including But Not Limited To

Key Responsibilities and Performance Objectives:
Engage in all aspects of Catastrophe and Exposure Management reporting as required.
Maintain and develop risk BI dashboards and précis reporting as required.
Maintain and develop exposure workflows using API’s and other appropriate technologies in order to enhance and optimise reporting processes.
Identify issues in existing processes and use data to propose solutions for effective decision making.
Compile and validate aggregation results for inclusion in TMHCC Group exposures.
Partake in ongoing projects and strive for improvement to current processes.
Work with the Lead Exposure Analyst to on-board new lines of business and exposures.
Assist with the creation of all regulatory and corporate returns.
Assist with other Exposure Management duties as assigned by management.
Essential

Skills and Experience Specification:
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Educated to degree level, preferably with CCRA or equivalent industry qualification.
Strong work ethic, with the ability to learn and adapt to new challenges.
Strong understanding of Reinsurance and Direct Insurance.
Strong organisational and workload management skills.
Competent in understanding complex policy structures and aggregation process.
Excellent mathematical and analytical skills.
Good creative focus and ability to create professional reports with good visual aesthetic.
Highly Competent with Excel, SQL queries, VBA, and BI analytics.
Desired
1-2 years’ experience working in a similar or relevant role, with exposure to at least one of the major Catastrophe modelling systems such as RMS, AIR or CoreLogic.
Experience in Python, R, Sequel Eclipse, TigerEye, AdvantageGo Exact and cloud data platforms.
“Tokio Marine HCC is a leading specialty insurance group with offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, Europe, and other locations. With the strength and stability that comes from being a member of the Tokio Marine group, and more than forty years of growth, profitability, and stability, we offer important insurance products that most people do not even know exist.

Just as we invest in our company, we invest in our employees’ careers. We provide our employees a collaborative and rewarding environment within which to gain the knowledge, skills, and experience that lead to a rewarding career. Our products allow our customers to take on opportunity with confidence. In turn, our competitive salaries, attractive benefits, and potential for career growth allow you to take on opportunity with confidence.

The Tokio Marine HCC Group of companies is an equal opportunity employer. Please visit www.tmhcc.com for more information about our companies.