Explore our passion for discovery

Global companies and governmental entities rely on us to solve their most complex data challenges. Our employees collaborate to reduce risks and create opportunities for customers in more than 100 countries. We’re adaptable, curious and ambitious. That’s why here, you’ll have the freedom to drive change, the trust to find your own path, and the space to explore more.

Data Scientist - Cardiff, Wales / Hybrid

LexisNexis Risk Solutions is currently looking for a Data Scientist to conduct statistical analysis and build predictive models for a variety of performance outcomes such as risk, fraud, and right party contact. The incumbent will have experience in data mining, statistical methods, and multiple modelling / scoring techniques. The ideal candidate will balance day-to-day production assignments, research assignments and will contribute to the advancement of the group.

Responsibilities
Build statistical models and complete various analytic projects for a variety of applications including credit risk, fraud, and right party contact
Support internal development projects as well as client sponsored projects
Interpret business plays to recommend (and execute) an analytic plan to supervisor and/or client
Follow modelling best practices and provide feedback on ways to enhance current practices
Provide technical support and be a resource to internal and external modellers
Conduct analysis and performance reports in support of existing and new customer sales
Summarize and communicate conclusions and solutions to analytic and non-analytic stakeholders
Research best practices and new technologies
Other duties as assigned

Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics or quantitative methods (or equivalent years’ experience). Master's Degree preferred.
Demonstrable experience or knowledge of applied modelling and analytics experience in applicable industry preferred
Good understanding of statistical methods applied to data analysis
User of R, Python, SAS, SPSS or equivalent analytic software
Understanding of various statistical methodologies including linear regression, logistic regression, and other advanced analytic techniques
Fluency with Excel, PowerPoint and Word
Strong oral and written communication skills, including the ability to describe statistical results to non-statistical audiences
Experience processing large data sets
Experience matching/merging multiple data sets

Why Work for Us LexisNexis Risk Solutions

Explore our passion for discovery

Global companies and governmental entities rely on us to solve their most complex data challenges. Our employees collaborate to reduce risks and create opportunities for customers in more than 100 countries. We’re adaptable, curious and ambitious. That’s why here, you’ll have the freedom to drive change, the trust to find your own path, and the space to explore more.

What’s it like to work here?

Outstanding - you’ve probably already got a feel for what we do and the technology we’re involved with but what’s really stands us out from the crowd is our culture. We’re an agile, dynamic and forward thinking organisation who understands the importance of looking after our staff. We pride ourselves on delivering high-quality products, providing our employees with interesting challenges for their personal and career development whilst also striking the right balance between work and family life.

Women in technology:

LexisNexis® Risk Solutions Group (RSG) is very supportive of women in Technology and has been a founding signature for the Tech Talent Charter. Currently 26.2% of our Technology workforce are women which is much higher than the UK average of 17%. We have the following initiatives in place to support women in technology:
Mentoring scheme for women in technology
Women’s network forum
Regularly run events for schools girl about careers in technology to inspire the next generation of girls in tech.

RSG proudly support the Tech Talent Charter.