The Tree of Life Assembly (ToLA) team is tasked with generating high quality genome assemblies for a number of ambitious large scale sequencing projects, including the Darwin Tree of Life Project, the Aquatic Symbiosis Genomics Project, Vertebrate Genomes Project, and European Reference Genome Atlas. All of these projects are significantly contributing to the global Earth Biogenome Project aiming at fundamentally changing scientific knowledge of evolution and interactions among millions of the planet’s organisms.

We are seeking a talented bioinformatician or genomics data scientist to contribute to genome assembly, data analysis and the development of methods and software to support the Tree of Life Genome Engine. Sequencing technologies are constantly evolving in terms of the type and volume of the sequence data they produce. The recent progress in long-read sequencing technologies means that we are now beginning to be able to consistently deliver high quality genome assemblies for species that did not previously have such a resource. There are opportunities and challenges to design scalable and robust informatics solutions for the data tracking, storage, and analysis of this data. One of the most challenging aspects of this role will be to produce high-quality scientific results on a large scale while adapting to rapid developments in sequencing technology and software.

The Primary Responsibilities Of The Role Are
To develop, maintain, and run pipelines and processes for the processing, QC, and analysis of high-throughput sequencing data.
To evaluate and compare new tools and technologies such as new data types, new assembly programs or new analysis tools for inclusion in the pipeline.
To develop and maintain a system for tracking data sets and their analysis progress against team projects.
To participate in the development of novel bioinformatics software tools and techniques for high-throughput sequencing and assembly.
To contribute to scientific publications.
To help to make our data and resources available to a large community of biologists and geneticists.
This role would suit somebody with some previous experience with bioinformatics or other large scale scientific data analysis, or a newly qualified graduate student with data science skills interested in DNA sequence data. While desirable, previous experience with DNA sequencing data is not strictly necessary for the position. We have a strong publication record and culture of producing open data resources and open source software development. This role requires an investigative and solution-oriented mindset and excellent communication skills to work effectively within large national and international consortia.

We aim to attract, recruit, retain and develop talent from the widest possible talent pool, thereby gaining insight and access to different markets to generate a greater impact on the world. We have a supportive culture with the following staff networks, LGBTQ+, Parents and Carers and Race Equity to bring people together to share experiences, offer specific support and development opportunities and raise awareness. The networks are also a place for allies to provide support to others.

Essential Skills
Degree in a scientific discipline, or equivalent experience
Record of multiple years of computational scientific data analysis
Knowledge of the unix computing environment
Proficiency in one or more scripting languages, preferably Python and Perl
Excellent critical and problem-solving skills
Attention to detail and the ability to work to meet timelines
Ability to quickly adapt to new problems and ideas
A high level of communication skills to be able to elicit complex requirements from, and convey complex information to, groups with different levels of technical knowledge
Ideal Skills
Knowledge of new sequencing data and technologies
Experience in genome assembly
Experience with the git version control system
Experience with running software on a compute farm, cluster, or cloud environment
Previous experience with managing large volumes of data
Experience with a compiled programming language such as C or C++
Experience with workflow languages such as Nextflow, Snakemake, WDL
Other information

For further information or questions about this post please contact Shane McCarthy

Please apply with your CV and a Cover Letter outlining how you meet the criteria set out above and in the job description.

About Us

The Wellcome Sanger Institute is a world leading genomics research centre. Our findings are used to improve health and to understand life on Earth.

Our Benefits

There’s an attractive benefits package on offer at the Wellcome Genome Campus. We appreciate the importance of achieving work-life balance and support this with a number of family and carer-friendly policies. Plus a flexible working policy for those who may wish to amend their working pattern or arrangement.

As well as the usual benefits you would expect, we go much further:
25 days annual leave (extra 1 day to a maximum of 30 days for every year you work)
Auto-enrolment into a generous Group Defined Contribution Pension Scheme, with enhanced company contribution (for more information, see our Pensions page)
Up to 2 days annual paid volunteering leave
Up to 10 days paid Emergency Carers Leave per year
Family friendly environment including options for flexible and part-time working, an on-site Workplace Nursery salary Sacrifice Schemes for pre-school children and Summer holiday club
Life Assurance is accessible on day 1 for all
Group Income Protection Scheme (if on a contract exceeding 12 months)
Enhanced maternity, parental and adoption leave
Access to substantial number of courses and training events onsite
Private Healthcare Scheme
Eyecare and Dental payment plans
Concessions and discounts from our corporate perks site
Benefits

Being part of the Wellcome Genome Campus you will be part of the beautiful working environment with an impressive range of benefits, services and facilities also including
Free bus service to and from Campus, covering various routes around Cambridge, Saffron Walden and surrounding villages
A car-share initiative
Free parking
A number of on-site venues where you can meet, eat and socialise with colleagues
A thriving Sports and Social Club which provides members with subsidised access to a gym, tennis courts, sports hall, fitness classes and a vibrant social calendar of events
In 2020 we were awarded an Athena SWAN Silver Award. We will consider all individuals without discrimination and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees, where everyone can thrive.