DRW is a technology-driven, diversified principal trading firm. We trade our own capital at our own risk, across a broad range of asset classes, instruments and strategies, in financial markets around the world. As the markets have evolved over the past 25 years, so has DRW – maximizing opportunities to include real estate, cryptoassets and venture capital. With over 900 employees at our Chicago headquarters and offices around the world, we work together to solve complex problems, challenge consensus and deliver meaningful results. It’s a place of high expectations, deep curiosity and thoughtful collaboration.

The Team

We are looking for an exceptional Data Scientist to join our GD1 trading team managing systematic equity strategies. The team is responsible for the complete lifecycle of quantitative investment process; research, development, and trading of systematic strategies. The team strongly emphasises cutting-edge innovative scientific research, and is looking to add an individual who is enthusiastic about contributing within a team environment.

Responsibilities
Design, develop and maintain data pipelines to be used in research/trading
Translate business needs into data science projects
Collaborate with stakeholders from different departments at each stage of project
Communicate projects and results to audiences with different backgrounds
Qualifications
Masters or PhD degree in computer science, engineering, statistics, math or related field
Proven track record in a data science role solving real-world business problems
3+ Year experience in working in a python ecosystem for data science
Experience working with large datasets, data cleaning, preprocessing, and feature engineering
Experience building, validating, deploying, monitoring, and updating predictive models
Excellent programming and scripting skills
Experience working independently and delivering results
Excellent written and oral communication skills, experience communicating complex ideas clearly and concisely to peers and stakeholders
Strong collaboration skills
Positive, team focused attitude
Following Qualifications Are a Plus
Publications in relevant conferences and journals
Experience with running machine learning models on cloud platforms
Experience with hardware (GPU, FPGA,...)
Software best practices (agile, version control, experiment tracking, code review etc.)
For more information about DRW's processing activities and our use of job applicants' data, please view our Privacy Notice at https://drw.com/privacy-notice.