Data Scientist Practise Lead - Cambridgeshire

My client are a global leaders within their industry. Founded over 70 years ago, they have grown into a large, worldwide organisation. With a strong focus on research and development, and a culture of continuous improvement they thrive because of the contributions each person brings to the organisation.

My client are looking for a confident person, to be the champion advocate for the AI/ML data driven practises, to find and drive opportunities from conception to delivery of business value.

The Role

This role is varied, please find below some of the main responsibilities we are looking for:

Discover deeper insights
Make predictions
Provide recommendations
Using data to drive business decisions and understand behaviour is a key strategic focus.
Drive new insights and causality in our data to transform the clock-speed
Translate technical content to stakeholders

Main Skill-Set

We are looking for a good mix of the below skills, (not necessarily all of the below):

R / Python
SQL
Data factory
Data bricks
Scrum
Data Visualisation

Must Haves

BSc or MSc - data science, computer science, computer engineering, statistics, mathematics or equivalent quantitative studies
3 years working in a Data Science environment

Culture & Values

Responsibility
Innovation
Accountability
Flexible
Family Orientated
Technology Driven

Benefits Package

Base Salary - £53,000 - £63,000
Up to 10% bonus
Pension scheme (3-7% matched)
50% discount on Bupa Healthcare
Onsite Parking
Plus much more…

Other

Working Location - Duxford - For the time being they are working fully remote, given current circumstances. When it is safe, they will go back to 3 days a week in the office. his includes having flexi time.
Interview Process - 2 stages
Reporting Into - Director

This is the brief description of the role, for the full information, simply apply to the role and I will call you to discuss. This is an exclusive client to Nigel Frank International.

My client is looking to begin the interview process ASAP, so don't miss out, APPLY now!

If this wasn't exactly the role you were looking for, please apply to this role anyway, just highlight what you are looking for, apply with your CV with a brief overview of what you are looking for (The role, top 3 techs, location, salary). I will call you to discuss your skill-set further, there may be other roles I am working on that you may be suited for.

I specialise in Microsoft BI, SQL Server and Azure Analytics recruitment here at Nigel Frank International, specialising in the placement of highly-skilled candidates in various IT positions (Engineers, Analysts, Architects, Consultants, Project Managers, Management etc.).

We're the proud sponsor and supporter of SQLBits, Power Platform World Tour, the London Power BI User Group, Newcastle Power BI User Group and Newcastle Data Platform and Cloud User Group.

Twitter: @NigelFrank_BI

LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/â~-anna-louise-erika-wilbourn-nee-reynard-â~-a04419163/

Email: a.reynard@nigelfrank.com

Phone: 0191 338 7633

Please Note: This is a permanent role. This role is for UK Residents only. This role does not offer Sponsorship. You must have the right to work in the UK with no restrictions. Some of our roles may be subject to successful background checks including a DBS and Credit Check.