Site Name: UK - Hertfordshire - Stevenage

Posted Date: Sep 23 2022

Join the GSK Future Leaders Graduate Programme: Help us get ahead of disease together – Research Data Science, UK 2023

Education required: MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, or any Scientific or Engineering discipline with a strong numerical component. Graduation by 09/2023.

Language requirement: Written and spoken fluency in English

Other requirements: Willingness to work at GSK sites and be geographically mobile (domestic) throughout rotations.

Expected Start date: September 2023
You can apply to only one Future Leaders Graduate Programme in the UK
Application deadline: We will close this vacancy when we have enough applications, so please apply as soon as you can to be considered

Assessment Centre Date: November 2022

Are you looking for a career where you can help positively impact the health of billions of people?

GSK is a global biopharma company with a special purpose – to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together. Getting ahead means preventing disease as well as treating it, and we aim to impact the health of 2.5 billion people around the world in the next 10 years.

Our success absolutely depends on our people. We want GSK to be a place where people feel inspired, encouraged and challenged to be the best they can be. A place where they can be themselves – feeling welcome, valued and included. Where they can keep growing and look after their wellbeing. So, if you share our ambition, join us at this exciting moment in our journey to get ahead together.

Find Out More

Annual Report 2021

Inspired to help us get ahead together? Apply for the Research Data Science Future Leader Programme at GSK today!

Are you ready to use data to deliver results that amplify our science?

If so, bring that enthusiasm here. Together we can generate new insights that increase the probability of successfully creating transformational medicines for patients using advanced analytics, data science and machine learning.

Ahead together with tailored training and career development

Role

To succeed in this role you’ll be excited by the thought of

We’ll tailor your training and development to suit your talents and ambition, as well as our business needs, setting you up for success in your chosen niche. The skills you learn on our Data Science Future Leader programme can be used across many areas of our business. There’s no limit to how far you can go with us – it’s up to you to prove yourself.
Opportunities to operate in multidisciplinary teams and deliver real impact
Developing exceptional skills in data science, visualization and scientific communication
Learning how to integrate complex biological data from a range of sources to deliver analytics that enable decision making in Research.
The Data Science Future Leaders Graduate Programme will follow one of three schemes, each scheme containing three exciting rotations:

Medicine Design; Genomic Sciences; Novel Human Genetics.

What will you do?
Interact with scientific business partners to develop testable hypotheses and deliver data analysis that enables decision making at pace in Research
Influence scientific business decisions using data to answer specific questions
Collaborate with business and tech partners to evaluate and implement new data solutions
Develop skills to perform analysis on multiparametric datasets to progress medicine design and development while gaining hands on experience using state-of-the art data analytics platforms and capabilities
Build data extraction, integration and visualization capabilities to strengthen future image analysis workstreams.
What are we looking for?
Passion for getting ahead of disease
A ‘disruptive’ mindset, proposing innovative approaches to challenging scientific problems
Experience using numerical/computational methods for quantitative data analysis grounded in statistics, linear algebra and calculus.
Proficiency in Python and familiarity with key elements of the Python data science stack such as: pandas, NumPy, SciPy, scikit-learn, etc…
An understanding of how to incorporate scientific principles into data analysis based on basic understanding of experimental acquisition and integration of multiple data sources.
A proactive, self-motivated and flexible approach with a talent for multitasking and adapting to change
A gift for building strong relationships with key stakeholders
What do we offer you?
A competitive salary: £34,600
An annual bonus based on company performance
Relocation Allowance (eligibility will be confirmed once your first location is confirmed)
Access to healthcare and well-being programmes, savings programmes, time off and childcare support
Employee recognition programmes, which reward exceptional achievements
Long-term incentives through shared ownership link your rewards to our longer-term performance
On-the-job experience and formal and informal training and development, delivered through a mixture of coaching, mentoring and formal training programmes
Let’s do this!

You’ll find hints, tips and guidance on our recruitment process on our website –

Apply now for our Early Talent programmes | GSK

Our Future Leaders Graduate Programme is designed to accelerate the development of graduates who don’t have significant previous professional work experience in the area to which they are applying. Of course, many graduates who join the programme have worked while studying or after graduation. If you’ve already developed substantial experience working in a professional role in your sector, while you would be able to apply for this programme, you may also want to look at direct entry roles in our businesses, as these may be the best way to build on your existing skills and expertise and develop a career at GSK.

We’re 100% open to all talent

We’re 100% open to all talent – whatever your gender, marital status, religion, age, colour, race, sexual orientation, nationality or disability. We want to recruit the right people for GSK from the widest possible backgrounds, so we can better serve the diversity of our patients. And also because it’s the right thing to do.

You can learn more about Inclusion and diversity at GSK here.

Need help with your application?

Please email us at uk.earlytalentrecruitment@gsk.com and let us know how we can help you.

#DataScienceFLP

#ResearchDevelopmentFLP

#FLP

GSK is a global biopharma company with a special purpose – to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together – so we can positively impact the health of billions of people and deliver stronger, more sustainable shareholder returns – as an organisation where people can thrive. Getting ahead means preventing disease as well as treating it, and we aim to impact the health of 2.5 billion people around the world in the next 10 years.

Our success absolutely depends on our people. While getting ahead of disease together is about our ambition for patients and shareholders, it’s also about making GSK a place where people can thrive. We want GSK to be a workplace where everyone can feel a sense of belonging and thrive as set out in our Equal and Inclusive Treatment of Employees policy. We’re committed to being more proactive at all levels so that our workforce reflects the communities we work and hire in, and our GSK leadership reflects our GSK workforce.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we are open to all talent. In the US, we also adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to neurodiversity, race/ethnicity, colour, national origin, religion, gender, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class*(*US only).

We believe in an agile working culture for all our roles. If flexibility is important to you, we encourage you to explore with our hiring team what the opportunities are.

Please don’t hesitate to contact us if you’d like to discuss any adjustments to our process which might help you demonstrate your strengths and capabilities. You can either call us on 0808 234 4391, or send an email ukdiversity.recruitment@gsk.com

As you apply, we will ask you to share some personal information which is entirely voluntary. We want to have an opportunity to consider a diverse pool of qualified candidates and this information will assist us in meeting that objective and in understanding how well we are doing against our inclusion and diversity ambitions. We would really appreciate it if you could take a few moments to complete it. Rest assured, Hiring Managers do not have access to this information and we will treat your information confidentially.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.