Department: Technology

Employment Type: Full Time

Location: Fleet Office

Reporting To: Seb Sanders

Compensation: £30,000 - £40,000 / year

Description

We are looking for an experinced Data Scientist to join us on a 12 month fixed term maternity cover. Working within the technology department of CHL Mortgages the data scientist will be responsible for general data manipulation and analysis to support the business. The ideal candidate will have strong data awareness and manipulation skills – data mining, validation and cleansing skills.

The Techonlolgy team currently work 2 days office based and 3 days from home but this can be discussed with the successful candidate and can be flexible to fit.

You must have the right to work in the UK. Any candidates that requires VISA Sponsorship in the future please be aware that CHL doesn't currently offer sponsorship and has no plans to in the future, so your application should take that into consideration.

Key Responsibilities
MI Report development, maintenance and delivery for different areas of the business, Senior Management and ExCo, regulatory bodies (UK Finance etc)
Carrying out appropriate reviews and checking accuracy and appropriateness of both own and team reporting prior to delivery to internal and external stakeholders.
Design and evaluate analytical / modelling solutions. Development, maintenance, and delivery of various forecast models, as required.
Manage analytic projects such as scenario planning, stress test etc. These are sometimes with external service providers.
Providing the business and third parties with data and analysis as ad hoc requests and projects require e.g. securitisations, regulatory submissions.
Provide ad hoc and project-based data manipulation and analysis and visualisation to support the wider business vision and strategy. Preparation of periodic departmental and Executive Committee presentation packs, as required by the business.
Building good rapport with various CHL teams, colleagues, and customers.
Work closely with various departments in the business, to manage and deliver various projects to achieve wider business objectives.
Deliver quality work within the team's business and regulatory scheduled commitments, whilst adhering to the business’s policies and procedures. Operate within the team's agile framework
Policy and Procedure development, maintenance and delivery of monthly reporting procedures and processes (Work Instructions) to ensure effective, consistent, and reliable reporting across the team.

Skills Knowledge and Expertise
Education in Mathematics, Physical Sciences, Engineering or Computing
Strong SAS (BASE/Enterprise Guide) programming experience.
Database querying experience (eg SAS, SQL).
Data awareness and manipulation skills – data mining, validation and cleansing skills.
Ability to visualise and interpret data and present clear graphical or tabular summary results of analysis
Ability to prioritise tasks and manage time effectively.
Ability to work as part of a team or on own initiative.
Strong presentation, verbal and written communication skills

Benefits
25 days holiday per annum
Up to 15% annual discretionary bonus based on performance
Company pension scheme - up to 9% company contribution
1 x Paid charity days
Long service awards and extra holiday
Healthcare cash plan
Life assurance cover x 4
Online discounts and gym memberships
Enhanced paternity and maternity pay
Access to Smart Hive by Bravo Benefits giving you full access to all your benefits + additional discounts