Job Description

Global company with more than 50 years of presence in the world being a leader in a fast-paced industry, is looking for:
Data Scientist with experience in Microstrategy.
Are you ready to accept the challenge?

Main responsibilities

The Main Responsibilities Are To
Operational understanding of BI concepts and working knowledge/experience on MSTR (MicroStrategy[1]) is a must.
Develop analytical approaches to answer business questions and manage, support and creat end user reports.
Leverage the power of data & analytics to identify opportunities to drive growth of the company and enable timely and quality decision making.
Able to manage, transform & connect various data sources and extract powerful insights
Mine and analyze data from existing or new databases using different techniques and languages such as SQL & Phyton to query & manage various large data sets. Needs to be able to tweak queries for best performance
Follow agreed processes to deliver outcomes efficiently & within agreed SLAs with a continuous improvement mindset
Good communication skills is a must (verbal and written English is a must)
Delivering in ambiguous & dynamic situations as a part of a global multi-functional team.
Requirements And Skills
Educational qualifications: Graduate in Engineering / Statistics / Economics / Maths / Analytics or other quantitative discipline.
Minimum of 3 to 5 years of hands-on working experience in Dashboarding
Desired experience in Microstrategy or Tableau or Qlik
Techniques for optimising microstrategy reports and dashboards
Proficient story teller / Hands-on experience using visualization tools such as Microstrategy, Tableau, Reporting Services (SSRS), OBIEE, BI Publisher, Oracle Analytics Server (OAS), Qlik and UI/UX Tools and packages (Dash, Shiny, Bokeh, etc.)
Fluency in English is a must.
Experience working with a range of BI & analytics architectures.
Experience in Agile methodologies.
Hands-on experience in programming languages: SQL, Python
Additional information
Direct contract with the company
Attractive benefits package (Major medical expenses insurance, grocery coupons, +20 days of Christmas bonus, etc.)
Acerca de Page Resourcing

Page Resourcing es una marca de PageGroup, líder mundial de reclutamiento y selección especializada.

Trabajamos en conjunto con grandes clientes a nivel nacional y mundial, apoyándoles con todas sus necesidades de reclutamiento, desde niveles junior como contrataciones de becarios hasta directores de empresas.

Con el ADN de PageGroup, Page Resourcing cuenta con el amplio conocimiento de mercado para dar la consultoría que sus clientes y candidatos requieren para sus procesos de reclutamiento y selección.

Conócenos
Website
LinkedIn
Facebook
Instagram