Job Description

Global company with more than 50 years of presence in the world being a leader in a fast-paced industry, is looking for:
Sr. Data Scientist with experience in NLP.
Are you ready to accept the challenge?

Main responsibilities

The Main Responsibilities Are To
Have experience delivering production-grade ML/NLP models and systems on Consumer and Digital Analytics (including website, E-commerce, Audience segmentation, marketing campaigns etc).
Expert delivering solutions in Python and/or R languages, and experience with ML/NLP tools, frameworks and libraries such as scikit-learn, PyTorch, TensorFlow, spaCy, Hugging Face, Keras, etc. for both transfer learning and learning from scratch.
Deep understanding of various aspects of NLU and statistical NLP (including tokens, semantic embeddings, n-grams, regex etc.)
Mine and analyze data from various data sets/sources and/or new databases using different techniques and programming languages such as SQL, R, Phyton to query & manage various large data sets.
Requirements And Skills
Educational qualifications: Graduate in Engineering / Statistics / Economics / Maths / Analytics or other quantitative discipline.
Minimum of 7 years of hands-on working experience in data science.
Subject matter expert and hands-on experience in the following areas:
Fluency and expertise in R and/or Python are a must.
Proven experience over modelling AI, ML and NLP and other modern techniques.
Experience in AWS/Databricks or any other cloud ML environments.
Medium to advance in programming languages SQL, Pl/SQL, Java, etc.
Proficient story teller and a curious self-starter, flexible problem solver, and embrace an agile mentality.
Fluent English is a must, since the role is regarding the US market.
Additional information
Direct contract with the company
Attractive benefits package (Major medical expenses insurance, grocery coupons, +20 days of Christmas bonus, etc.)
Acerca de Page Resourcing

Page Resourcing es una marca de PageGroup, líder mundial de reclutamiento y selección especializada.

Trabajamos en conjunto con grandes clientes a nivel nacional y mundial, apoyándoles con todas sus necesidades de reclutamiento, desde niveles junior como contrataciones de becarios hasta directores de empresas.

Con el ADN de PageGroup, Page Resourcing cuenta con el amplio conocimiento de mercado para dar la consultoría que sus clientes y candidatos requieren para sus procesos de reclutamiento y selección.

Conócenos
Website
LinkedIn
Facebook
Instagram