The Company

The World University Insights Ltd, publisher of Times Higher Education, is the data provider underpinning university excellence in every continent across the world. As the company behind the world’s most influential university rankings, and with almost five decades of experience as a source of analysis and insight on higher education, we have unparalleled expertise on the trends underpinning university performance globally. Our data and benchmarking tools are used by many of the world’s most prestigious universities to help them achieve their strategic goals.
This is a great opportunity to help drive our ambitious growth plans in creating analytics to underpin our rankings, consulting, products, editorial and events. You will help to produce rankings and data products, as well as provide analytics to internal and external customers, all within a dynamic working environment. You will have access to subject matter experts across the organisation. The successful applicant will have the aptitude, attitude, and gravitas to make this role their own. There is a strong focus on learning on the job, you will be working within a data science team of 7 people with over 80 years of data science experience between them who will be there to support your growth.


For more information on Times Higher Education please visit www.timeshighereducation.com
For more information on how we manage your data please visit https://www.timeshighereducation.com/content/candidate-privacy-notice

Key Tasks and responsibilities
THE are looking for a full time Data Scientist who wants to roll their sleeves up and help create analytic solutions; they will be instrumental in helping deliver our suite of rankings and products.
You will be responsible for helping to produce a selection of our rankings and products, assisting with methodology, and providing detailed analysis to support internal and external customers. You will be an advisor on related data analytics matters across the company, so the ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders across the business is paramount. While primarily working with colleagues in the UK, this also involves some working across timezones, different cultures and companies.

Key role responsibilities:
Responsibilities will include (but are not limited to):

Writing code to calculate rankings and related outputs from various input sources.
Designing and producing visualisations and other presentations of the data to provide insight to the THE editorial team and other customers.
Assessing the quality of data provided to us.
Ensuring the quality, validity and applicability of the data collected for the rankings and the final product.
Working closely with the World University Rankings consulting, editorial and THE product development teams to roll out these new analyses and features for new products and services.
Identifying and rolling out process improvements
Building knowledge of global higher education and in particular data reporting practices.
Fulfilment of product customer orders.


Education and experience requirements
Good analytical skills and experience in querying and analyzing data.
Working experience of SQL, Python and Excel.
Strong statistical skills.
Experience with PySpark and related technologies
Understanding of data collection and management of substantial datasets, and of data visualisation.
Understanding the impact of data quality.
Experience of using real-world data in the context of data science projects.
Logical thinking and problem-solving ability, innovative at creating solutions.
Process driven with meticulous attention to detail and experience of designing and implementing best practice processes.
Strong drive, self-motivated. Ability to work independently as well as part of a team.
Ability to develop excellent working relationships with both technical and non-technical colleagues.
Working to deadlines in a fast-moving environment.
A degree in Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Computer Science or other Quantitative field

Key attributes we are looking for:
A passion for creating value from data
Highly logical thinker who can quickly understand the potential for data solutions
Self-starter and completer-finisher attitude to manage work
Very strong verbal and written English communication skills
High energy and drive that suits a fast-paced environment
Comfortable working outside of rigid structures and frameworks
Effective working in ambiguous environments
Professional experience of at least 2 years in a data / statistical role


THE are proud to be an equal opportunities employer. We recognise that we are all different. Great strength is born through different perspectives and experiences. That is why we are committed to our mission of creating an inclusive culture that enables our people to feel able to bring their whole selves to work. We are proud to be part of the Global Equality Collective and a mindful employer to help support THE achieve this.