S&P Global Market Intelligence

The Role: Data Science Sales

The Team: The Data Science sales candidate will work closely with our lead generation team. A group of dynamic people at the beginning of their sales career. Focusing on new business lead generation and proactive outreaches. We give our individuals the chance to develop their personal brand within our organisation and empower them to be creative in their outreach and execution of their tasks.

The Impact: Your role is to enhance existing AI solutions that we have built over the last year to bring it to the next level. These tools will ensure that your prospecting will be more time efficient and more targeted to increase our pipeline that we generate during a fiscal year.

This can be achieved by improvements of the current coding or by acquisition or licensing of existing tools in the market and to integrate them into our workflows. This role requires sales acumen and experience to be able to judge on the back testing results or the demos of the third-party solutions like Zoom.info, Chorus.io, etc

What's in it for you:
Exposure to senior sales and business leader within the organisation
Global impact on the sales departments success by lifting the lead generation team to the next level
Managing a team at some point in future
Setting the best practice for the whole sales organisation within Market Intelligence

Responsibilities:

The candidate will be integral to the team structure - working closely with the respective sales teams, business development team & account managers.

Specifically, these include:
Look at new ways we can leverage machine learning combined with inhouse and 3rd party data to drive outbound efficiency in sales prospecting.
Remain curious and aware of developments in the B2B sales tools space and evaluating those solutions to understand if value can be added by onboarding them into our workflow.
Responsible for leading the lead generation initiative in EMEA across the Info services business lines keep the activity at high standards.
Reporting of pipeline creation vs annual quota for the lead generation team.
Work closely with business development, sales, and marketing to launch outbound campaigns and ensure inbound leads are qualified in a timely manner.
Maintaining a broad knowledge of products and solutions across IHS Markit, now they interact and ensure we are cross selling at every opportunity.
Generation of lead pipeline for new business and development on new lead generation ideas
Develop and enhance the lead generation process across information service
Maintain communication with the broader sales team to better understand the current requirements of sales campaigns by being in regular contact with your key users and build a position of trust, respect and openness with the view to generate new business across all Markit product lines.
Listen and identify the client's needs and feedback any cross-selling opportunities to relevant product line Sales team. For multi-product opportunities, the relevant salespeople will be involved, and a sales referral will be recorded. It is expected that the candidate be awarded with a combination of sales revenue and sales credits (when leads are referred and turn into either new revenue and/or upgrade revenue). The skew will be focused to sales revenue.
You are responsible for keeping your Markit products knowledge to a high standard for your defined product area and a referral standard for IHS Markit's other product lines and stay aware of any future development.
Each Salesperson should be a point person for their allocated product providing understanding of clients and insight, technical information, product characteristics, coaching Sales peers in terms of Sales USPs and presales questioning etc.

What We're Looking For:

Education and experience
Proven track record of sales experience from a data, financial vendor or banking background (preferably within Tier1 banks and fund admins)
Experience of Fixed Income, derivatives, and cash products
Experience of coding in python, SQL, etc.
Self-starter, driven, Personable, assertive, and resourceful
Must be organized and ability to manage multiple sales in parallel
Ability to generate own pipeline from cold calls
Ability to meet internal/external deadlines
Ability to listen, learn quickly and demonstrate initiative
Good attention to detail
Ability to present and negotiate with senior level management whilst in many cases, managing complex sales process
Proficiency in Excel, Word and PowerPoint
Willing to progress in a rapidly growing/changing environment
Foreign language skills are a value add

Management Experience
Not necessary but ability to take on greater responsibility will be important

Commercial Awareness
Must be able to understand the sales process, be comfortable dealing with senior level negotiations etc.

Personal impact
Must be confident in high pressure environment and able to manage senior level meetings

Communication
High level of competency and good communication skills both written and verbal required

Teamwork
Team player with an open-minded attitude and willing to progress in a rapidly growing/changing environment.

Flexible Working

We pride ourselves on our agility and diversity, and we welcome requests to work flexibly. For most roles, flexible hours and/or an element of remote working are usually possible. Please talk to us at interview about the type of arrangement that is best for you. We will always try to be adaptable wherever we can.

Return to Work

Have you taken time out for caring responsibilities and are now looking to return to work? As part of our Return to Work initiative we are encouraging enthusiastic and talented returners to apply, and will actively support your return to the workplace.

Grade/Level (relevant for internal applicants only): 6

The Location: London, UK

About Company Statement:

S&P Global delivers essential intelligence that powers decision making. We provide the world's leading organizations with the right data, connected technologies and expertise they need to move ahead. As part of our team, you'll help solve complex challenges that equip businesses, governments and individuals with the knowledge to adapt to a changing economic landscape.

S&P Global Market Intelligence partners with customers to broaden their perspective and operate with confidence by bringing them leading data sources and technologies that embed insight in their daily work.

Equal Opportunity Employer:

S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other status protected by law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

US Candidates Only:

The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.