Are you passionate about seeing a direct link between your work and Spotify’s ability to execute?

Spotify’s Global Strategy Ops Team is looking for a Senior Data Scientist who wants to use their experience and skills in data science and machine learning and apply it to operational data by building data models, metrics, dashboards, and research that identify and track how agile, productive and effective the company is.

Spotify has an audacious mission and we’re growing a lot to make it happen. As we grow, we need scalable approaches to track and understand where we can improve. We seek a creative thinker who has a desire to implement and deliver on big ideas. Your role will be to harness data to insights that identify the next areas of productivity improvement and informs how we best address them.

It is an opportunity to evolve how Spotify works with quantitative data from internal development and collaboration tools used by teams (e.g. Jira, Google Suite, Backstage, Coda, Workday) in terms of how the tools are used (statistics and NLP) and qualitative data from company-wide or function-wide surveys. The purpose is to provide data driven insights to better understand how Spotify gets things done. Ultimately, we want everyone to stay informed about the different dimensions of productivity in meaningful ways. We also want to lead the way to engaging and powerful productivity metrics.

You’ll join Spotify’s Global Strategy Operations team that supports Spotify’s executive leadership team and the 9000+ Spotifiers. Our mission is to make Spotify world-class at strategy execution. You will be the first Data Scientist in the team and partner closely with Platform Insights, Productivity Engineering and People Analytics.

WHAT YOU'LL DO:

Collaborate with Analysts, Data Scientists and Data Engineers across teams to understand the work management ecosystem, identify corresponding data needs, come up with technical proposals, and influence these partners on opportunities for improvement
Build deep operational data expertise and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership
Develop, launch and maintain data pipelines for new operational data and metrics
Explore and understand and organize existing operational data and metrics
Build and maintain user-oriented dashboards and significant, actionable data visualizations (e.g. Tableau, R-Shiny).
Formulate and validate hypotheses related to the effectiveness of our engineering organization
Perform analysis on the data to extract impactful insights that will help drive product and engineering decisions and business performance
Be a key partner in building out a data informed approach to strategy execution

WHO YOU ARE:

You have 3+ years relevant experience and a degree in computer science, engineering, statistics, mathematics, economics or another quantitative subject area
You have strong interpersonal skills and are comfortable working with multiple stakeholders
Start-up mindset. You are prepared to collaborate and tackle problems outside of your comfort zone
You know how to tackle loosely defined problems and come up with relevant answers and impactful insights
You are comfortable analyzing large datasets with statistical rigor (such as regression modeling, a/b testing and significance testing)
You have experience performing analysis with datasets in a cloud-based data processing environment, such as BigQuery or similar
You have coding skills, ideally in languages such as Python
You are pragmatic, yet curious and open-minded to exploring new ways of doing things

WHERE YOU WILL BE:

We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them!
Comment start Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the EMEA region in which we have a work location
Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere options here. Comment end
Working hours? We operate within the Central European time zone for collaboration

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.