At Tesco our purpose is to help our customers, communities and the planet a little better every day. And at Tesco Bank we aim to give our customers smarter money helps, for everyday life , building on the foundations that have made Tesco a truly great British brand - and a success worldwide. Bringing that success to the financial services industry means attracting the finest talent to our senior and specialist roles, creating a backbone of excellence for our business - and offering professionals like you the chance to make a wide-ranging and long-lasting impact in a business that’s breathing new life into the industry.

Job Overview:

This is an exciting opportunity to join a forward looking, customer centric bank and a vibrant Analytics department. Working with us you will be developing and implementing predictive models using traditional and cutting edge techniques that make better decisions for the business and customers. Excellent service and dedication to the customer are at the heart of Tesco. This role is about bringing a new approach to personal finances and retail banking.

In this job, I am accountable for:
Working in Agile projects, lead the build of predictive models, applying data science techniques to model customer behaviours which drive profit and loss signature to help inform business decisions.
Engage with stakeholders to gather requirements of commercial and credit risk problems and translate into analytical solutions which ensure wider bank goals are achieved.
Translate the output of complex analytical solutions to stakeholders into transparent and actionable business insight to gain buy-in to implement.
Mentor junior Data Science colleagues and be an advocate for Data Science across the Customer Division.
Keep abreast of Data Science innovation ensuring the techniques used are the most appropriate for the situation and the tools are best suited for the job. Be a knowledge point for queries regarding predictive analytics.
Be innovative and think about solutions from a different perspective. Explore new sources of data, techniques and implementation routes.
Feed into the Analytics Learning environment with continual development of new techniques.
Collaborate with other Data Scientists to deliver the best solutions to tackle Use Cases that will bring a step change to the business. Ensure that our models are built and used within a robust model governance framework.
Provide support to the other areas of Analytics and the wider Customer division to enable them to meet objectives.

Skills and Experience Required:
Experience of using data science and predictive modelling to tackle business problems, preferably in banking, commercial or credit risk.
Background in maths/stats, computer science.
Grasp of profit / loss drivers in retail banking and an understanding of credit risk principles and application.
Working in a project environment with time bound deliverables

We are proud to have an inclusive culture at Tesco Bank where everyone truly fells able to be themselves. At Tesco Bank, we not only celebrate diversity, but recognise the value and opportunity it brings to enable us to help our shoppers manage their money a little better every day. We're committed to creating a workplace where differences are valued, and make sure that all colleagues are given the same opportunities.

We also know the importance of balancing work with life's other commitments. Please talk to us at interview about the flexibility you need, and we'll explore what's possible.

Wherever your talent lies, you’ll find challenge and reward in equal measure. We’re here to go the extra mile for our customers - and we’ll do the same for you. It’s simple. As long as you have the ambition, we’ll provide the opportunity for success.