Job Description

Job Title: Data Scientist

Location: Blackburn, Bristol, Derby, Glasgow, London, Warrington, or Sunderland (any UK office)

Duration: Permanent

Assystem is a pioneer in developing digital solutions for the engineering environment, specialising in highly regulated industries such as Nuclear, Defence and Rail.

Assystem have begun assembling a team of pioneers who will help to shape the future of nuclear, defence and transportation industry through our engineering powered by digital programme. The Data Scientist is a key part of this team that will form the core of our recently established digital engineering centre, and will be tasked with supporting the development new services, new insights, and new approaches to delivering engineering and construction environments and practices of the future.

The Role: Data Scientist

As our Data Scientist you will work with Assystem and our clients to develop and deliver data analytics products and services. You will be responsible for using data to solve complex business problems, such as using operational data to represent operational performance, and working with engineers to develop connected digital twin platforms.

The role will involve:
Key to this role will be the ability to advance data practices to enable Assystem to contribute to the delivery the UK industrial strategy and will require activities such as:
Keeping abreast of best practice, data science ethics and new developments in industry
Helping people, from graduates to experienced members of the team, to understand the benefits of data science
Defining, documenting, and optimising processes as part of the Assystem ‘our way’ system
Working with colleagues across the globe to bring in, or share, best practices
Identifying areas where digital transformation will return value
Acting as an ambassador for data science within the UK business

A Full Job Specification Is Available With All Responsibilities.

Profile

About You:

You will have experience from highly regulated industries such as Nuclear, Energy, Transportation, and Infrastructure is highly desirable but Assystem will consider your experience from other industries.

Your key attributes:
Bachelor’s degree or the equivalent experience in related field
Experience in a relevant discipline
Excellent oral and written communication skills including public speaking and negotiation
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Knowledge of architecture, engineering, information technology or related discipline in relation to construction
Knowledge of ISO19650 standards
Familiarity with a BI reports, Artificial intelligence, microservice architectures and advanced anlaytics.
Knowledge of Asset information systems data requirements
Experience of process automation

Security clearance:

Due to the nature of work to be undertaken applicants will be required to meet certain residency criteria in order to attain a minimum level of UK security clearance if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level.

At Assystem, everyone holds the reins for their own careers. Our role is to offer you the opportunities and resources you need to reach your full potential.

So why not join us and help shape the engineering landscape of the future?

We are committed to providing equal opportunities for every candidate and we celebrate all forms of diversity. At Assystem, only your skills matter!

At Assystem, everyone holds the reins for their own careers. Our role is to offer you the opportunities and resources you need to reach your full potential.

So why not join us and help shape the engineering landscape of the future?

We are committed to providing equal opportunities for every candidate and we celebrate all forms of diversity. At Assystem, only your skills matter!