A civil engineering and construction contractor, with over 50 years experience|Hybrid role- London


About Our Client

Our client is a leading family-owned civil engineering, construction and dry-lining company in the UK and Ireland that have come a long way since 1969 and now deliver an extensive range of engineering, build and construction services for our long-term valued clients.

Job Description

As the Data Scientist, Wembley, Middlesex/Hybrid you will:
The ideal candidate must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data and coding tools, to build and implement models, algorithms and creating/running simulations.
The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.
They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams, to both educate staff on the possibilities of ML and to identify opportunities where ML, AI and data analytical methods can be used in the construction environment and to be able to create innovative presentations to explain their results and value added to our internal and external clients
They should be able to derive trends and insights and can design visually innovative online dashboards to explain their analysis.
Exploring and visualising data to present the 'story' of data in a meaningful way to a range of technical and non-technical audiences
The Successful Applicant

As the Data Scientist, Wembley, Middlesex/Hybrid you will have:
Atleast 3-5 years of post-qualification experience in building statistical models and manipulating data sets
Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product and service development.
Experience working with and creating data architectures
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modelling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Some experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark etc
Has proven experience with SQL, BI tools and spreadsheets
What's on Offer

As the Data Scientist, Wembley, Middlesex/Hybrid you will receive:
A salary between £70,000 to £85,000 depending on experience.
Private medical scheme with the ability to add dependants
Dental Insurance
Life Assurance
Pension scheme
- Days annual leave including 8 days bank holidays
Great career opportunity and able to lead a team in the future
Contact: Pelesh Shivnani

Quote job ref: JN-082022-5725615