Job Summary

DESCRIPTION

Building the Future of Advertising

Amazon is reinventing advertising, helping businesses and agencies alike to build brands, push creativity and drive performance for millions of customers every day. In Amazon Advertising you will explore and invent solutions that address some of the largest, most interesting and most ambitious challenges in applied machine learning and advertising technology. We’re passionate about solving real-world problems: your ideas and work will affect hundreds of millions of shoppers and hundreds of thousands of businesses on- and off-Amazon. Our teams are based in our fast-growing tech hubs in Edinburgh, London and Tel Aviv, and you can also work remotely with home offices in Bristol or Manchester. Learn more about Amazon Ads and available opportunities here: https://www.amazon.jobs/en/business_categories/advertising

This role requires a team member with strong quantitative modeling skills and the ability to apply statistical methods to large amounts of customer-brand engagement data. The candidate should have strong communication skills and work efficiently with our team of scientists, product managers and developers to translate data-driven findings into new actionable insights, measurements, and optimization strategies.

The successful candidate will be a self-starter comfortable with ambiguity, with strong attention to detail and an ability to work in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. This person will also be highly proficient in communicating their research and recommendations to technical and business stakeholders.

Some of the teams and their main products looking for your expertise:
Audiences & Targeting*: The team sits at the heart of Amazon’s ad targeting offerings. We build APIs and self-service tools that are made available to advertisers outside of Amazon to enable them to learn about their target customer, discover new prospective customers, and then use these insights to build an audience (or a targeting segment) in real-time, on-demand. Furthermore, our focus is on building machine learning algorithms and cloud services that enable us to make ads more relevant in a privacy safe way. Our services are built using the latest AWS technologies, while leveraging advanced big data and machine learning techniques (such as clustering, deep neural networks, and other classical ML approaches techniques).
Sponsored Display*: Sponsored Display deliver ads across the purchase journey to hundreds of millions of shoppers on Amazon and on millions of external sites and mobile apps. The team tries to select the best possible ad for each and every shopper, context and advertiser objective: we build machine learning models to predict outcomes (click, view, sale), choose the best ad, and charge a fair price to the advertiser. Our systems operate at unprecedented scale, serving hundreds of thousands of requests per second with a 40 millisecond latency budget. You will have the opportunity to work at the cutting edge of machine learning, including Deep Learning, Multi-Task Learning, Bandit/Reinforcement Learning, Counterfactual Estimation/Optimization, and Low Latency/Extreme Machine Learning. Your work will power the next generation of advertising product, delivering inspiring, delightful, relevant and personalized ads to shoppers across the world while respecting strong privacy and customer trust guarantees.
Advertiser Recommendations*: We drive advertiser success through automated recommendations to improve ad campaign performance. To do this we leverage Spark and EMR to extract actionable insights from big data sets (e.g. ad serving and campaign performance data). We deliver these at high-scale to our customers through web components and a low latency API backed by Elastic Search. We use offline analysis to continuously improve our precision / recall, and impact analysis to ensure the best results for our advertisers. We enable our customers to easily adopt our recommendations by automating the workflows required to complete our prescribed actions.
Sizmek by Amazon*: Sizmek allows us to reach additional advertisers and geographies not currently serviced by our Amazon Demand Side Platform offering while delivering key performance metrics which are only possible using a combination of Amazon’s unique insights joined with 3P signals. Our global ad server delivers ads across mobile, web and video at massive scale, and our customers benefit from creative authoring tools, advanced analytics, and dynamic creative optimization based on machine learning. If you want to invent the future for how advertisers connect with customers, this is the place for you.
Vivid*: Driving innovation in dynamic video at Amazon. Vivid has been supporting teams around Amazon (Social Advertising, Prime Video, Amazon Retail, Amazon Advertising etc.) with creative automation, video experimentation and by providing solutions to make the complicated and expensive world of video accessible to everyone (e.g. our advertising customers can use one of our video creative tools to build a custom video ad for their product in under 5 minutes).
Supply Quality*: The Supply Quality organization has the charter to solve optimization problems for ad-programs in Amazon and ensure high-quality ad-impressions. We develop advanced algorithms and infrastructure systems to optimize performance for our advertisers and publishers. We are focused on solving a wide variety of problems in computational advertising like Contextual data processing and classification, traffic quality prediction (robot and fraud detection), Security forensics and research, Viewability prediction, Brand Safety and experimentation. Our team includes experts in the areas of distributed computing, machine learning, statistics, optimization, text mining, information theory and big data systems.
Key job responsibilities
Build and continually improve offline and online customer-brand segmentation data.
Develop new models that measure the impact of advertising programs on brand performance and the customer experience.
Work closely with business, engineering and scientists within the Amazon Advertising organization to integrate new models into production systems.
Translate ambiguous business questions and concerns into specific quantitative questions that can be answered with available data using sound methodologies.
Effectively document and communicate methodologies and results to senior stakeholders.
Provide informal direction and guidance to more junior members of staff on all aspects of analytics from business context and prioritization to technical coaching.

Basic Qualifications
Experience working as a Data Scientist
Experience with data scripting languages (e.g. SQL, Python, R etc.) or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, or Matlab)
Master's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, or related discipline

Experience with causal inferencing, multi-variate testing & design, A/B testing & design, descriptive analytics, and regression analysis.

Good understanding of supervised and unsupervised learning model


Preferred Qualifications

Experience in as many of the following areas: causal learning, multi-variate testing, hypothesis testing, and A/B Testing

Experience in data applications using large scale distributed systems (e.g. EMR, Spark, Elasticsearch, Hadoop, Pig, and Hive).

Broad knowledge of ML methods, statistical analysis, and problem-solving skills.

Expert level knowledge in statistics; sophisticated user of statistical tools.

Experience processing, filtering, and presenting large quantities (hundreds of millions/billions of rows) of data

Combination of deep technical skills and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customer’s organization.

Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.

Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to advocate technical solutions for science, engineering, and business audiences.

Ability to develop experimental and analytical plans for data modeling, use effective baselines, and accurately determine cause-and-effect relations.

Experience in computational advertising is a plus.

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need an adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please contact the Applicant-Candidate Accommodation Team (ACAT), Monday through Friday from 7:00 am GMT - 4:00 pm GMT. If calling directly from the United Kingdom, please dial +44 800 086 9884 (tel:+448000869884). If calling from Ireland, please dial +353 1800 851 489 (tel:+3531800851489).


Company - Amazon Dev Centre(Scotland)Ltd

Job ID: A2075743