Job Summary

DESCRIPTION

This is a Fixed Term Contract (6 months) with an option to extend by 6 more months based on internal milestones.

Amazon's F3 (Fresh, Food Fast) team in Europe is seeking a truly innovative and technically strong data scientist with a background in time series forecasting, machine learning, and statistical modeling/analysis. This is a short term (6-months) full-time job starting ASAP. This role requires a team member to have strong quantitative modeling skills and the ability to apply time-series/statistical/machine learning methods to complex decision-making problems, with noisy customer demand data influenced by multiple factors such as promotions, pricing, etc. The candidate should have strong communication skills, be able to work closely with stakeholders and translate data-driven findings into actionable insights. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity, with strong attention to detail and ability to work in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment.

Our ideal candidate thrives in a fast-paced environment, relishes working with large transactional volumes, enjoys the challenge of highly complex business contexts, and, above all, is passionate about data science and machine learning.


Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree
3+ years of experience with data scripting languages (e.g SQL, Python, R etc.) or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, or Matlab)
3+ years working as a Data Scientist
Proficient in time series forecasting and machine learning (neural networks specifically)
MS/PhD in Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or a related field.
Algorithm and model development experience for large-scale applications
Proficiency in at least one of the following languages: R, Python
Problem solving ability
Preferred Qualifications
PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Machine Learning, or a related field with at least 4+ years of working experience as Data Scientist
Expert in time-series forecasting using machine learning
Hypothesis testing (including statistical hypothesis testing) and experimental design
Solid SQL Skills
Expert in R
Communication and data presentation skills
#scienceemea

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need an adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please contact the Applicant-Candidate Accommodation Team (ACAT), Monday through Friday from 7:00 am GMT - 4:00 pm GMT. If calling directly from the United Kingdom, please dial +44 800 086 9884 (tel:+448000869884). If calling from Ireland, please dial +353 1800 851 489 (tel:+3531800851489).


Company - Amazon EU SARL (UK Branch)

Job ID: A2073689