Posted on behalf of

UKBIC

Our client, a leading organisation focusing on battery cell research and manufacturing in currently seeking to recruit a Data Scientist. The successful candidate will work alongside a small and growing team of Professional Engineers in new product development and industrialisation of Li-ion batteries and cells.

The Data Scientist Will
Develop robust automated reporting and a user-friendly interface for the live visualisation of Manufacturing and Test data.
Provide inputs to other analysis tools in the business such as statistical modelling, cell performance and manufacturing process simulation.
Establish traceability in both directions between Data Reports to Product/Material.
Determine trends between manufacturing data and cell performance to inform and teach in-line checks (such as defect definition and detection) and supplement other predictive tools.
Collaborate in the integration of data processing tools with existing Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES) and ERP Software to produce meaningful charts.
Capture and post processing of on-line measurement data during manufacturing.
Determining trends between manufacturing data and failure events/issues – both in product and in process. Failure can include quality non-conformance/not to specification, meeting product requirements or equipment failure and capability issues.
The Data Scientist Will Have
Degree qualification in relevant Engineering or Science discipline (such as but not limited to Computer Science, Mathematics, Mechanical/Chemical Engineering, Physics,)
Relevant industry experience where advanced analytics is demonstrated (Automotive & Motorsport, Battery, or Semiconductor Manufacturing, Pharmaceuticals & Biomedical, Retail & Web, Finance)
Excellent analytical and programming skills at various levels (e.g., Matlab, Python, SQL, C++) to support data extraction and analysis.
Experience in using Data visualisation software such as Microsoft Power BI, Infor Birst.
Excellent knowledge in Microsoft tools (Excel, Visual Basic, Access, Word, Powerpoint)
Be open minded with the ability to manage various stakeholder requirements and expectations on data management
Be an excellent communicator in explaining complex ideas and outcomes to various levels (senior management, technical, non-technical) as part of their day-to-day activity and at meetings
Possess a strong attention to detail – data driven, diligent and thorough in approach.
Please apply online using your most up to date CV if you are interested in this role and a member of our team will get back to you shortly!