About the role:

We are looking for a Data Scientist to take significant ownership in building Monte Carlo's Machine Learning capabilities. The role will involve end-to-end development: from helping formulate requirements to full production implementation. You will be collaborating with a small team of seasoned data scientists and engineers in a fast-moving startup environment.

Location:

Israel, UK, Ireland and East Coast of the United States

Here’s what you’ll be doing:

Building production-grade ML algorithms that delight users
Driving ML projects from ideation to deployment
Solving challenging anomaly detection and prediction problems

We’re excited about you because you have:

3+ years of experience delivering ML algorithms to production required
Experience with Python and SQL required
Sense of urgency, ownership mindset, and product intuition required
Expertise in time-series analysis, anomaly detection and unsupervised methods preferred

About Monte Carlo

As businesses increasingly rely on data to power digital products and drive better decision-making, it’s mission-critical that this data is accurate and reliable. Monte Carlo, the data reliability company, is the creator of the industry's first end-to-end Data Observability platform. Named an Enterprise Tech 30 company in 2021 and 2022, a 2021 IDC Innovator, an Inc. Best Place Workplace for 2021 and 2022, and a "New Relic for data" by Forbes, we've raised $325M from Accel, ICONIQ Growth, GGV Capital, Redpoint Ventures, IVP, and Salesforce Ventures. Monte Carlo works with data-driven companies like Fox, PagerDuty, CreditKarma, and other leading enterprises to help them achieve trust in data.

Come As You Are

At Monte Carlo, equality is a core tenet of our culture. We are committed to building an inclusive global team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences.

Monte Carlo is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.

We are proud to be recognized for our world-class employee experience:

Monte Carlo Named One of the Best Places to Work in the Bay Area for 2022

Monte Carlo Great Place to Work Certified 2022

Data Quality Startup Monte Carlo Is A Unicorn After Fourth Funding Round In Two Years