Job Description

Working as a Data Scientist for our Buildings and Cities (BNC) business, you will join our growing digital solutions team to deliver leading-edge digital solutions to our clients from various industries. By working together, you will help solve complex problems and develop innovative data-driven analytics and solutions in the field of physical and digital infrastructure, all through the application of data science.

You will join an enthusiastic and diverse team of data scientists and Geographic Information Systems professionals passionate about data, location intelligence, analytics and powerful visualisation of the results. Through connected thinking and collaboration with colleagues across the Mott MacDonald organisation internationally you will be part of the wider team of data scientist, software engineers, solution architects, and engineers focusing on excellence and digital innovation.

You will support development of innovative solutions to client’s asset management problems, applying data-science, including machine learning/deep learning and computer vision as well as analysing a broad range of spatial and non-spatial information within the public domain including openly available data, websites, new feeds, connecting to data stream through web services and APIs.

Responsibilities

Within the scope of the projects delivered, you may be responsible for any number of these elements

As a Data Scientist you will have a chance to work with and learn from the other members of our team.

Applying AI and advanced analytics, including spatial analytics, to large data sets within the asset management domain and across sectors including Buildings and Cities, Transport, Energy, Water and Environment.

Partnering with other data scientists, software engineers and GIS consultants to define and develop machine learning products on premise or cloud-based platforms.

Designing and implementing ETL processes.

Presenting information using data visualisation techniques.

Inspiring self-serve data use by building dashboards and reports to drive awareness and understanding.

As a Data Scientist you will have a chance to work with and learn from the other members of our team, including GIS professionals, software engineers, data scientists, solution architects, and engineers. Duties to include;

Partnering with software engineers to define and develop machine learning products.
Designing and implementing ETL processes, including spatial ETL.
Presenting information using data visualisation techniques.
Inspiring self-serve data use by building dashboards and reports to drive awareness and understanding

Candidate Specification

We are looking for committed and motivated graduates with a genuine passion and a desire to make a difference in the world. If this describes you, apply today to launch your career at Mott MacDonald.

To Be Eligible For This Opportunity, You Will Have Less Than 12 Months Experience And Have a Degree Or Are Expected To Achieve One Of The Following Degree Disciplines

Data Science
Mathematics
Statistics
Machine Learning
In your application you should be able to demonstrate your interest through relevant experience, such as studying relevant modules, or previous work experience.

We Are Looking For Graduates With The Following Characteristics

Methodical approach to problem solving
Ability to use your initiative to undertake tasks efficiently and independently.
Excellent verbal communication skills, which allow you to confidently liaise with clients and team members.
Excellent written communication and attention to detail and be able to demonstrate accurate technical drawings and good report writing.
Strong programming skills (Python/R) with exposure to Machine Learning packages such as Tensorflow/Keras, Pytorch or scikit-learn.
As we want the best people for the role, it is available as part time, job share or full time. This is because we recognise that sometimes people are not available full time. Please ask us at interview stage about any flexibility you may need.

Job Profile

About Your Development

A graduate position should be more than just a job. We know this and so do you. That’s why with our graduate roles, we aim to give you the experience and technical knowledge you need to progress your career.

From the moment you join us, you’ll receive the training you need. You will be assigned a chartered mentor, who will guide you to meet the objectives of your professional training agreement. We’ll support you on your journey to gaining chartered status with your chosen institution.

What else is involved?

You’ll be enrolled onto Accelerate Your Future, a structured three-year soft-skills development programme which develops the strengths that we know graduates need to be successful at Mott MacDonald. It also gives you the opportunity to network and meet other graduates in your cohort. The programme is a mix of residential events, classroom-based learning, virtual webinars, and CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) challenges. We understand that each person’s career goals vary, therefore we tailor make each individual’s development programme to suit them. With our vast library of e-learning courses available to you, you can choose which direction you want your career to go in.

You will have the opportunity to make a difference; learn more about our Social Outcomes and the difference we can make!

Did you know that Mott MacDonald are Work180 accredited – which means we actively support and encourage women to join our work force!

You’re probably wondering what else is on offer. Join us, and you’ll get:

Biannual salary reviews: we believe that hard work should be rewarded and recognised. Therefore, for the first three years of your career with us, you’ll have biannual salary reviews.
A competitive salary: in addition to biannual reviews, we will ensure that you’re given a salary that matches the current industry standard.
Contributory pension up to 7% of your salary: we have the best people on our team, and we like to look out for them. With our support, you’ll have all the advice and options you need to be able to invest in your future.
A flexible benefits scheme: our company is made up of a range of different people and we understand that different people want different things. That’s why with our flexible plan, you’ll have the ability to manage the range of benefits we have on offer, to suit your specific needs.
Our social side

Being part of Mott MacDonald means more than just work, there’s a huge range of fun and exciting things that you can get involved in.

From the moment you join us, you’ll have the opportunity to expand your social and professional network, whether it’s meeting other graduates or joining forces with other members of staff from around the company at our annual sports day. Each of our offices have a sports and social committee which will give you the chance to be part of a variety of sports, social and charity events. We’re committed to promoting a strong culture of social responsibility and encourage our staff to play active roles in the local community.

It's worth noting that sports and social committees tend to vary from office to office, so as well as getting involved in what’s already on offer, don’t be afraid to suggest new events or initiatives that you think could be a great addition.

It doesn’t stop there. As well as events, you’ll also have access to discounts on cinema tickets, travel, fashion, utilities and much more as part of our company benefits which you can take advantage of the moment you join.

Other Information

Equality, diversity and inclusion

We put equality, diversity and inclusion at the heart of our business, seeking to promote fair employment procedures and practices to ensure equal opportunities for all. We encourage individual expression in our workplace and are committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels they have the opportunity to contribute.

Agile working

At Mott MacDonald, we believe it makes business sense for you and your manager to choose how you can work most effectively to meet your client, team and personal commitments. We embrace agility, flexibility and trust.

More About Mott MacDonald

We’re a global engineering, management and development consultancy.

Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients’ businesses, our communities and employee opportunities.

A fundamental part of this is respecting each person’s differences and striving to meet their needs.

Our values: progress, respect, integrity, drive, excellence

Job Ref

59364BR

Recruiter Contact

earlycareers.recruitment@mottmac.com

Country

United Kingdom

Region/State

England - South West

Discipline

Consultancy

Sector

Built environment

Website Region

Europe and Central Asia

Website Sector

Buildings