We are looking for experienced Data Scientists to join our team following continuous growth and success in the UK Government and Defence sectors.

Behind great solutions there are great people: our employees. We pride ourselves on being able to solve some of our customers’ most complex problems.

Our people are what differentiate us, they are ingenious, innovative and dedicated. We have a mix of generalists and specialists and recognise that this diversity contributes to our success. In general, we work in teams. We recognise the benefits of forming teams from a mix of disciplines, which allows us to come up with balanced, high quality solutions.

We work hard and often go the extra mile, but we recognise people’s efforts and that everyone has a life outside of work. We encourage people to speak up if they want to rotate to a new project in support of career development, or even just to face a new challenge.

Our breadth across the UK Government and Defence sectors provides diverse opportunities for our people to develop their careers in new areas of expertise or with new clients.

This role will require you to have or be willing to go through Security Clearance at DV level.

Role Overview

The Data Scientist understands how to gain specific insight from data in order to address a business problem. The Data Scientist creatively applies data science approaches to develop analytic results which turn data into information - information into knowledge and insights - and valuable, actionable insights into better decision making and game-changing strategies.

The Data Scientist can identify the necessary input data and where to obtain it; they combine, clean and prepare the required data to ensure the analysis is robust. The Data Scientist is able to communicate the significance of the results back to the business as actionable insights and to identify next steps.

Data Scientists often work closely with Data Engineers and Solution Architects to embed a specific technique into a production platform.

Role Accountabilities

Understands data manipulation and analysis techniques ranging from data aggregation and Management Information reporting (MI), to statistical-based analytics such as propensity modelling and segmentation, to advanced approaches such as machine learning and predictive analytic approaches.
Able to exploit analytical technology including knowledge of coding languages (e.g. R, Python, etc.)
Combines core consulting skills with technical versatility as they uncover hidden patterns in data and effectively present results to clients with varying levels of technical understanding.
Able to tell stories with data – both verbally and visually, helping key decision makers move from ad-hoc analysis into continual data conversations.
Takes on a lead role; owns specific work areas and coaches others when needed.
Works with Applied Intelligence’s range of specialist resources (including data specialists, business analysts and creative teams) to develop meaningful insights into data, providing business value to our clients.
Takes ownership of one or more areas of work including planning, identifying risks and regular reports to the project manager. On very small engagements, may assume the duties of a technical project manager.
Engages with client stakeholders to understand and document the existing data landscape; provides guidance to clients where appropriate regarding data privacy & security guidelines.
Applies a variety of statistical, analytical and presentational techniques (in consultation with experts if appropriate) and with sensitivity to the limitations of the techniques.
Has a solid grounding in scripting or relevant software development languages (e.g. Python).
Investigates corporate data requirements and applies data analysis, data modelling and quality assurance techniques, to establish, modify or maintain data structures and their associated components (entity descriptions, relationship descriptions, attribute definitions) across multiple data sources.
Analyses data requirements to establish, modify or maintain database/ model solutions.
Has a good understanding of Open Source software (particularly in the area of Big Data) and can evaluate these platforms against COTS products. Able to combine different components (from both Open Source and COTS) appropriately for the use case.
Develops and maintains specialist knowledge of database concepts, object and data modelling techniques and design principles and a detailed knowledge of database architectures, software and facilities.
Evaluates potential solutions, demonstrating and commissioning selected products relevant to Data Science.
Understands advanced data analytic concepts such as Machine Learning.

Life at BAE Systems Applied Intelligence

We are embracing Hybrid Working. This means you and your colleagues may be working in different locations, such as from home, another BAE Systems office or client site, some or all of the time, and work might be going on at different times of the day. By embracing technology, we can interact, collaborate and create together, even when we’re working remotely from one another. Hybrid Working allows for increased flexibility in when and where we work, helping us to balance our work and personal life more effectively, and enhance wellbeing.

Diversity and inclusion are integral to the success of BAE Systems Applied Intelligence. We are proud to have an organisational culture where employees with varying perspectives, skills, life experiences and backgrounds – the best and brightest minds – can work together to achieve excellence and realise individual and organisational potential.

About BAE Systems Applied Intelligence

We use our intelligence-led insights to help defend Governments, Nations and Societies from cyber-attacks and financial crime. Our customers depend on our evolving capabilities to help them safely grow their organisations. Our unprecedented access to threat intelligence, world-leading analysts and market-leading technology means we can help them to adapt, evolve and stay ahead of the criminals.

Division overview: Capabilities

At BAE Systems Applied Intelligence, we pride ourselves in being a leader in the cyber defence industry, and Capabilities is the engine that keeps the business moving forward. It is the largest area of Applied Intelligence, containing our Engineering, Consulting and Project Management teams that design and implement the defence solutions and digital transformation projects that make us a globally recognised brand in both the public and private sector.

As a member of the Capabilities team, you will be creating and managing the solutions that earn us our place in an ever changing digital world. We all have a role to play in defending our clients, and this is yours.