Your opportunity
This is your opportunity to join Deloitte Ventures, an exciting and entrepreneurial part of the firm – the home of our product and engineering teams, as well as our venture incubators and studios. We bring together creative problem solvers, doers and makers from all walks of life, united by a drive to help make change happen – in our own business, and for our clients. Together, we see a better future. And then create it.

Our Tax Ventures team is expanding its AI & Data capabilities, supporting Deloitte's UK tax business in developing and delivering data and machine learning driven products and solutions.
A key area of focus will be our market leading advisory arm of our Global Employer Services group which has grown rapidly over the last 5 years in both size and breadth of services. To continue that growth and explore other market differentiating opportunities across the entire tax business, we need high calibre and motivated individuals. Our Tax Ventures team has quickly established a strong reputation for being proactive, entrepreneurial, successful and fun to work with. Working for us will present you with the opportunity to get involved in high profile projects and will enable you to expand your horizons.

We encourage consideration of flexible ways of working, both formal and informal arrangements that allow for the best outcomes for our people and our clients. If this opportunity is of interest to you with some flexibility, please do discuss with us.

Your role
Deloitte's Tax Ventures team is a key strategic function within the tax business and includes a number of future looking capabilities that combined, are helping to drive exciting and innovative growth opportunities. You'll work as part of a multi-disciplinary team of industry, tax SMEs, technology and analytics specialists to provide specialist data science expertise and support on a diverse range of projects with both an internal and client focus.

Your role as Data Scientist within our expanding AI & Data Studio involves working on new and existing projects and products, delivering insights to clients, and utilising data to make smarter, better decisions. You will be responsible for applying data mining techniques, undertaking statistical analysis, deploying cutting edge machine learning tools and techniques and drawing insights and building predictive models on both structured and unstructured data.

This role will involve working on the delivery of key data science driven services and transformation projects.

Responsibilities:
Proactively sourcing additional external structured and unstructured data sets to enhance services and insights
Processing, cleansing and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Performing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results from a business-centric perspective
Creating anomaly detection systems and perform constant tracking of performance
Clearly and confidently articulate the value and benefits of delivering analytics projects to clients
Working closely with tax SMEs to build a deep understanding of business/client challenges and in the development of POCs

Your work, your choice
At Deloitte we believe the best impact is the value we add, not the hours we sit at our desk. We carefully consider agile ways of working, both formal and informal, that allow for the best impact for our people and our clients. Please speak to your recruiter about the working pattern that works best for you.

Location: Your home office will be London, but this client-facing role provides lots of opportunity for travel in the UK and overseas.

Work pattern: This is a permanent contract opportunity. The role can be worked on a full-time basis. Our team members work a variety of agile working patterns. Tell us what arrangement works for you and we'll try to accommodate.

Your professional experience
Essential:
An understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms
Experience with common data science toolkits- for example Python, R, Alteryx, SSIS, SPSS
Working knowledge in Microsoft SQL language
Good scripting and programming skills to allow integration with existing services using Microsoft technologies
Data and analytical orientated mind-set
Experience in developing and testing predictive algorithms

Desirable:
Experience with data visualisation tools such as Qlikview and Tableau preferred

Your service line: Tax Consulting
Arguably the most stimulating career environment in our industry, tax at Deloitte is a far cry from tax at other firms. Here, it's all about collaborating with colleagues at the top of their game, across disciplines, for clients who urge us to constantly push the boundaries of our creativity. You'll find a diverse mix of people, all working together to deliver best-in-class advice. And You'll discover a structured programme that will help you develop even greater expertise. From fascinating projects to a wealth of secondment opportunities, both in the UK and overseas, you can enjoy a broad and rich career experience.

Personal independence
Regulation and controls are standard practice in our industry and Deloitte is no exception. These controls provide important legal protection for both you and the firm. We are subject to a number of audit regulations, one of which requires that certain colleagues abide by specific personal independence constraints. This can mean that you and your "Immediate Family Members" are not permitted to hold certain financial interests (shares, funds, bonds etc.) with audit clients of the firm. The recruitment team will provide further detail as you progress through the recruitment process.

About Deloitte

Our Purpose & Strategy
To make an impact that matters for our clients, our people and society - defines who we are and what we stand for. Our purpose provides the foundation for our strategy and our aspiration to be the undisputed leader in professional services: this is not about size, it's about being the first choice. The first choice for the largest and most influential clients, and the first choice for the best talent.

What do we do?
Deloitte offers global integrated professional services that include Audit & Assurance, Consulting, Financial Advisory, Legal, Risk Advisory and Tax Consulting. Our approach combines intellectual leadership, industrial expertise, insight, consulting & problem solving capabilities whatever the role, technology revolutions and innovation from multiple disciplines to help our clients excel anywhere in the world.

Beyond the UK: Deloitte North and South Europe
The UK is part of Deloitte North and South Europe (NSE), the second largest member firm in the Deloitte network. Deloitte NSE combines operations in Belgium, Central Mediterranean (Italy, Greece, Malta), Ireland, the Middle East (Bahrain, Cyprus, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Oman, Palestinian Ruled Territories, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen), the Netherlands, the Nordics (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden), Switzerland and the UK. Deloitte NSE brings together 2,700 partners and over 50,000 people, combining our unmatched breadth and depth of capabilities in audit and assurance, consulting, financial advisory, risk advisory, and tax and legal across the region. Being part of Deloitte NSE supports our aspiration to be the undisputed leader in professional services and will create more opportunity and growth for our people.

What do we value?
What brings us all together at Deloitte? it's how we approach the thousands of decisions we make every day. How we behave, our beliefs and our attitudes. In other words: our values. Whatever we do, wherever we are in the world, we lead the way, serve with integrity, take care of each other, foster inclusion, and collaborate for maximum impact. These five shared values lead every decision we make and action we take, guiding us to deliver impact how and where it matters most.

Being a Leader at Deloitte
Cultural fit and purpose-led leadership is crucial for Deloitte. Our leaders always set the example and inspire their colleagues. They make quality time for people and take an interest in them. They know what matters to people - both inside and outside work and value them as individuals; always finding opportunities to develop them while showing respect and appreciation.

We expect colleagues at all levels to embrace and live our purpose and our leadership culture by challenging themselves to identify issues that are most important for our clients, our people, and for society and make an impact that matters. We know leadership comes in all shapes and sizes, but our Leadership Charter helps all of our people understand what We're looking for:
We live our purpose: we act as a role model, embracing and living our purpose and values, and recognising others for the impact they make
We develop talent: we develop high-performing people and teams through challenging and meaningful opportunities
We drive performance: we deliver exceptional client service; maximise results and drive high performance from people while fostering collaboration across businesses and borders
We believe positive influence can make an impact that matters: we influence clients, teams, and individuals positively, leading by example and establishing confident relationships with increasingly senior people
We move, together, towards a strategic direction: we understand key objectives for clients and Deloitte, aligning people to objectives and setting priorities and direction.