This role is eligible for our five day flex office work model

Data Scientist

We are a data-driven organization, where machine learning powered products provide a core competitive edge over our competitors and they also contribute to the success of our business partners. We take pride in being excellent at our craft and employing our skills to the benefit of our customers.

Why This Job’s a Big Deal

As a data scientist you will have the opportunity to design new machine learning models and build new machine learning products in a growing team within a large organization. Work at an organization where the business is increasing investment in machine learning solutions and sees the solutions as a competitive advantage. Solve real world problems that span various domains within our business such as: Price optimization, NLP, Computer Vision, Sales forecasting and Hypothesis testing

In This Role, You Will Get To
Design, develop and maintain machine learning models to solve business problems
Evaluate and improve existing machine learning models
Work alongside machine learning engineers and developers to integrate machine learning solutions into production platforms
Understand business requirements from non-technical team members
Present technical solutions to non-technical team members
Use technologies such as Python, Tensorflow, Keras, Spark, Numpy, Pandas, Spacy and many other tools and libraries
Train models using AWS Sagemaker and deploy services in Kubernetes
Process large quantities of data streamed from many different applications to test and build our models
Leverage AWS Augmented AI to assist in labeling tasks
Who You Are
Experience in implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning solutions in Python and Tensorflow
2+ years of commercial/academic experience with demonstrated technical skills in one or more of the following areas: NLP, Computer Vision, Deep Learning
Masters or PhD qualification in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Machine Learning / AI, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, etc
Experience evaluating and improving existing machine learning models
Eagerness to learn new techniques, technologies, solve problems and contribute in a team environment
Experience with Tensorflow, Keras, Pandas, Numpy, SQL
Who We Are

WE ARE PRICELINE.

Our success as one of the biggest players in online travel is all thanks to our incredible, dedicated team of talented employees. Priceliners are focused on being the best travel deal makers in the world, fueled by our passion to help everyone experience the moments that matter most in their lives. Whether it’s a dream vacation, your cousin’s graduation, or your best friend’s wedding - we make travel affordable and accessible to our customers.

Our culture is unique and inspiring (that’s what our employees tell us). We’re a grown-up, startup. We deliver the excitement of a new venture, without the struggles and chaos that can come with a business that hasn’t stabilized.

We’re on the cutting edge of innovative technologies. We keep the customer at the center of all that we do. Our ability to meet their needs relies on the strength of a workforce as diverse as the customers we serve. We bring together employees from all walks of life and we are proud to provide the kind of inclusive environment that stimulates innovation, creativity and collaboration.

Priceline is part of the Booking Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: BKNG) family of companies, a highly profitable global online travel company with a market capitalization of over $80 billion. Our sister companies include Booking.com, BookingGo, Agoda, Kayak and OpenTable.

If you want to be part of something truly special, check us out!

Flexible work at Priceline

When we return to the office we will be in a fully flex mode, meaning you decide when to come to the office when it makes sense for you to do so - no minimum number of days in the office. Until then we are all working from home and will return to our flex mode when it is safe to do so.

Diversity and Inclusion are a Big Deal!

To be the best travel dealmakers in the world, it’s important we have a workforce that reflects the diverse customers and communities we serve. We are committed to cultivating a culture where all employees have the freedom to bring their individual perspectives, life experiences, and values-driven passion to work.

Priceline is a proud equal opportunity employer. We embrace and celebrate the unique lenses through which our employees see the world. We’d love you to join us and add to our rich mix!

Applying for this position

We're excited that you are interested in a career with us. For all current employees, please use the internal portal to find jobs and apply.

External candidates are required to have an account before applying. When you click Apply, returning candidates can log in, or new candidates can quickly create an account to save/view applications.