Our people love the exciting and meaningful work they do, the cutting-edge resources and technology they have access to, the benefits we offer and the great community we’ve built. Want to join them?

MAIN PURPOSE OF THE ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE BUSINESS:

As a Consultant (Lead) Data Scientist in Kainos, you’ll be responsible for leading teams and developing high quality solutions that use AI and ML technologies to delight our customers and impact the lives of users worldwide. It’s a fast-paced environment so it is important for you to make sound, reasoned decisions. You’ll do this whilst learning about new technologies and approaches, with talented colleagues that will help you to learn, develop and grow. As the technical leader in the team, you will also interact with customers, share knowledge and mentor those around you.

You will manage, coach and develop a small number of staff, with a focus on managing employee performance and assisting in their career development. You’ll also provide direction and leadership for your team as you solve challenging problems together.

Minimum (essential) Requirements
A minimum of a 2.1 degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Data Science, Statistics or in a similar highly quantitative field.
A proven ability to solve complex problems with demonstrable ability to learn new business concepts and domains quickly.
Expertise in developing models in languages including Python/R
Expertise using multiple open source machine learning libraries (e.g. scikit-learn, caret, mlr, mllib)
Experience developing solutions across a number of cloud platforms (AWS, Azure or GCP)
Significant experience in cleansing, filtering and re-factoring complex data from different sources (including non-traditional data sources).
Expertise of working with Relational databases, NoSQL and various visualisation techniques.
Experience in delivering AI/ML projects to production through leadership and mentoring of junior team members
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to lead client projects and establish requirements in non-technical language.
We are passionate about developing people – a demonstrated ability in managing, coaching and developing junior members of your team and wider community.
Desirable
An advanced degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics or in a similar highly quantitative field.
Multiple examples of delivering data science projects and predictive solutions to live in an industry production environment.
Experience of containerisation and cloud deployment.
Experience of Deep Learning Architectures (e.g. MLP, RNN, CNN)
Who You Are

Our vision is to enable outstanding people to create digital solutions that have a positive impact on people’s lives. Our values aren't abstract; they are the behaviours we expect from each other every day and underpin everything that we do. We expect everyone to display our values by being determined in how obstacles are overcome; honest when dealing with others; respectful of how you treat others; creative to find solutions to complex problems and cooperative by sharing information, knowledge and experience. These values, applied collectively, help to produce an outstanding Kainos person, team and culture.

We're an inclusive bunch at Kainos and we believe in equal opportunity. We welcome applications from all walks of life, including those with criminal records. Everyone who is offered a position here undergoes a basic background check , however no one is treated differently due to their background where it isn't relevant to the role. It's important to note - failure to reveal information which is relevant to the position sought, could result in us having to withdraw the conditional offer of employment.

In short: Having a criminal record will not exclude you from a career with Kainos. This depends entirely on the nature and requirements of the position, together with the circumstances and background of offences. Kainos has a policy on the recruitment of ex-offenders (available on request).