Profiles by Kantar

Kantar is the world’s leading data, insights and consulting company and our Profiles colleagues are the experts in helping clients connect with people. Leading the way in things like survey design, sampling, profiling, data integration and activation for programmatic campaigns, their access to 88 million research-ready respondents enables our clients to build rich profiles of their target audience and access immediately actionable data.


Job Details

OVERVIEW

Kantar Profiles is a market-leading data company and home to the world’s largest audience network. Many of the world’s leading brands trust us to collect reliable insights from global panellists, faster. We are passionate about the work we do, and the impact we have on our clients’ businesses is far reaching.

Due to increased client activity and exciting new opportunities for growth in our team, Kantar Profiles is hiring a Senior Data Scientist.

You would be joining our team of Data Science specialists who work with highly skilled and engaged teams across the globe.


What you'll do:

Design, develop, test, advocate, evangelize and build data-driven modeling approaches
Assess the effectiveness and performance of modeling and data enhancement techniques
Perform feature analysis and selection
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement data engineering, models and monitor outcomes
Build utility code and handle miscellaneous support tasks
Documenting projects and maintaining project documentation


What you'll bring:

Problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development
Significant experience working with and creating data architectures
Experience with artificial intelligence, natural language processing, machine learning
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques: Supervised/Unsupervised/semi-supervised Learning, SVM, Tree-based Methods, Neural Networks, Naive Bayes, k-NN, time-series, NLP, feature engineering, hyperparameters optimization, data visualization
(Python, SQL, etc.) and conventional data science toolkits, such as PANDAS, Weka, NumPy
Experience with SQL and databases
Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations
Experience with Object-oriented modeling
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Project management
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques

Preferred
Ph.D. in applied statistics, data mining, machine learning, physics, or a related discipline
Experience in operations research, applied statistics, algorithmic complexity, RDS
Experience with time Series, econometrics
Experience with Object-oriented modeling


Country
United Kingdom

Location
London, More London Place (Hybrid)



Why join Kantar?

We go beyond the obvious, using intelligence, passion and creativity to inspire new thinking and shape the world we live in. We understand more about how people think, feel, shop, share, vote and view than anyone else. Combining our expertise in human understanding with advanced technologies, nobody knows people better than Kantar.


And because we know people, we like to make sure our people are looked after as well. Equality of opportunity for our people is our highest priority and we encourage our people to work in a way that supports their health and wellbeing. While we encourage our colleagues to spend part of their working week in the office, we understand no one size fits all, and we’re flexible in our approach to ensure people feel included and accepted. We’re committed to creating an inclusive culture and value the diversity of our people, clients, suppliers and communities, which is why we welcome applications from all background and sections of society. Even if you feel like you’re not a perfect fit, we’d love to receive your application and talk to you about this job or others at Kantar.