As a Data Scientist you will interpret large amounts of unorganised, raw data. You will analyse and synthesise data into results and findings that are more easily understood. As a Data Scientist you must be good at machine learning so that you can convert data into various forms and develop algorithms to solve problems. As a Data Scientists you must be proficient in a variety of computer programming languages and be capable of conducting advanced statistical analysis. You will also communicate your findings to a company’s management in order to help them solve business problems or make informed business decisions.

Key Responsibilities:
Generating large databases from various sources of structured and unstructured data
Analysing data and generating statistical information to identify trends and patterns
Understanding the phases of product delivery and expert analyses across product life cycles, running the analysis for each stage and contributing to decision making
Using a range of programming languages to transform big data into data sets
Translating technical data to simple language and giving recommendations and conclusions to stakeholders
Developing interactive dashboards that combine visuals with real-time data
Building scalable machine learning pipelines and using feature engineering and optimisation methods to improve data set performance
Working with Technologists to integrate and separate data feeds to map, produce, transform and test new scalable data sets

Requirements
Programming Skills – knowledge of statistical programming languages like R, Python, and database query languages like SQL, Hive, Pig is desirable. Familiarity with Scala, Java, or C++is an added advantage.
Statistics – Good applied statistical skills, including knowledge of statistical tests, distributions, regression, maximum likelihood estimators, etc. Proficiency in statistics is essential for data-driven companies.
Machine Learning– good knowledge of machine learning methods like k-Nearest Neighbours, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests.
Strong Math Skills (Multivariable Calculus and Linear Algebra) - understanding the fundamentals of Multivariable Calculus and Linear Algebra is important as they form the basis of a lot of predictive performance or algorithm optimisation techniques.
Data Wrangling – proficiency in handling imperfections in data is an important aspect of a data scientist job description.
Experience with Data Visualisation Tools like matplotlib, ggplot, d3.js., Tableau that help to visually encode data
Excellent Communication Skills – it is incredibly important to describe findings to a technical and non-technical audience.
Strong Software Engineering Background
Hands-on experience with data science tools
Problem-solving aptitude
Analytical mind and great business sense