Data Scientist
Mobile Gaming Company
Up to £70,000
London

Company

Rapidly growing mobile games studio, offering a great environment to attract the top talent. Their mission is to bring the knowledge and experience of a chart-topping mobile games company into a close-knit, collaborative environment. The studio is filled with people who love taking things apart and figuring out how they work. They were founded by a team of industry veterans from some of the biggest names in mobile games.

Responsibilities

Partner with Product and Marketing teams to discover and deliver projects that use data, statistics and machine learning.
Deliver insights to drive business decisions and design algorithms that can be used in our games and systems to improve their functionality.
Work with data engineers to ensure proper dimensions and metrics are incorporated into our pipelines.
Develop an excellent understanding of relevant internal and external data sources.
Work together with other data scientists to develop and promote best practices in analytics and experimentation across the company.
Work with data engineering and developers to design and build internal self-service analytics and experimentation tooling.

Requirements

Research shows that some groups, such as women, are less likely to apply for jobs unless they think they’re 100% qualified. If this opportunity and our company interests you, please do submit an application even if you don’t feel like you satisfy all of the requirements:

A Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative subject or equivalent experience.
Experience articulating product questions, identifying and querying data (SQL) and using statistics to arrive at an answer.
A sound understanding of statistics (probability distributions, sampling, hypothesis testing, regression) and experience in applying some of these concepts in real-life problems.
Experience using statistical software and programming using R, SQL, python or similar in datasets.
Excellent communication skills to understand business needs of cross-functional stakeholders, deliver findings and recommendations, as well as to drive collaboration. Preferred Requirements
Experience in identifying opportunities for product or business improvements and measuring the success of those initiatives.
Good organisation and attention to detail – demonstrated by e.g. experience in maintaining and organising documentation, metadata and/or working to coding style guides.
Experience in designing, building and maintaining dashboards using software such as Looker, Qlik or Tableau.
Experience in applying modelling techniques e.g. time series forecasting, segmentation / clustering, anomaly detection.