Overview
A major online retail marketplace is looking for a senior data scientist to join its data science team. This role will be responsible for structuring and translating business problems to data science solutions, synthesizing complex data, and defining and building advanced analytics techniques for wide-ranging use cases - from delivering a personalized customer experience to optimizing marketing spending, finding optimal price points, providing accurate forecasts, assessing incrementality, and improving merchandising efficiencies.

Your responsibilities as a senior data scientist will include bit not limited to;
Identifying new applications of data science and machine learning to the relevant business domains.
Managing data science project end to end, from ideation to delivery of model output to stakeholders.
Researching, designing, and implementing scalable solutions
Applying advanced statistical capabilities and delivering statistical models.
Stakeholder Management - aligning the data science needs to business stakeholders. Maintaining regular communication lines on project updates, and impactful changes to the business.
Knowledge of mathematical and statistical underpinnings of machine learning and experience in applying theoretical knowledge to new unexplored areas without guidance.
Analysing model performance and making appropriate adjustments where necessary

Key Skills and Experience
A successful senior data scientist will have the following:

3-4+ year's experience in Data Science
Minimum bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, or any other related quantitative field.
Good working knowledge of cloud infrastructure (GCP, AWS, Azure, Databricks, etc.) and ability to use a cloud-based compute instance for day-to-day development.
Strong knowledge of the practical steps of developing and deploying an ML model using a cloud platform.
Proficient in database theory and SQL languages, with at least 3 years of practical experience, also proficient in query evaluation, debugging and optimization.
Expert knowledge and understanding of data science principles
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work independently and, at the same time, support the wider project team as needed
Experienced in building Statistical and/or Machine Learning models to a high specification
Masters or Ph.D. Degree-level education in a STEM subject
Advanced in Python, SQL, Github, Docker, and AWS Sagemaker

THE BENEFITS
Competitive Salary
Bonus
Flexible working


HOW TO APPLY
Please register your interest by sending your CV to Mane Grigoryan via the Apply Link below.