We are looking for a passionate Mathematical Modeller / Data Scientist to join our dynamic Modelling and Data Science team based in Stoke-on-Trent.

A Little Bit About Us

VesselsValue is a disruptive, dynamic and innovative tech company providing online delivered data and analytical products to the Maritime and Aviation sectors. Our clients include the world’s leading investors, traders, lenders, shipowners, operators, regulatory bodies and advisors.

Launched as a start up in 2011, we now employ over 200 people across our 6 commercial offices in London, Singapore, Seoul, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Oslo and our 3 R&D offices in Stoke, Manila, Isle of Wight. We are a fast growing, profitable and highly ambitious company.

We offer a supportive, trusting, and transparent environment, with considerable freedom of operation in a young and growing global company.

Overview

The Modelling and Data Science team is seeking suitably skilled individuals to join the research and development of new and existing models. We have access to a wide range of primary data sources, supported by a large and experienced data acquisition team. We have open channels to subject matter experts to identify high-value problems faced by clients, and to provide guidance on industry practices and the realism of model outputs.

The team maintains an entrepreneurial culture in which members are given the autonomy to use their advanced scientific expertise, while at the same time offering the support they need to achieve their business goals. Successful team members are confident and excited about owning the full lifecycle of a new or existing product, liaising with relevant colleagues on:
product ideation;
feasibility analysis;
model development;
product design;
software implementation;
incorporating feedback; and
delivery of product and documentation for sale to clients.

Reporting to the Head of Mathematical Modelling and Data Science, the role sits within an established and supportive team, with good access to other teams in the business.

Requirements

You will be able to:
communicate complex ideas and processes to a range of audiences
provide rigorous empirical justification for your decisions and conclusions
understand the level of detail appropriate to a problem
use your skills and ingenuity to remove obstacles and meet objectives
differentiate client requirements from ease of production

Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:
liaise with stakeholders to establish product use case and test concepts
determine data requirements and availability
perform feature analysis, engineering, and selection
conduct model design, comparison, and selection
prototype product design, i.e. delivery of model output to clients
maintain technical documentation of processes
provide input to commercial and client-facing documentation
field technical queries from colleagues and clients

It would be great if you have experience of:
mathematical modelling
statistical analysis
machine learning
stochastic processes
Python (or similar)
SQL (any variant)
No-SQL (any variant)
git (or similar)
API
data visualisation

Benefits

We offer a competitive salary and benefits package depending on experience and qualifications.