Role Overview

Animal Friends has grown to become not only an award-winning business but one of the largest pet insurance providers in the UK, looking after over 1 million pets and offering cover for cats, dogs and horses.

We understand that Data is the biggest asset we have, and we are looking for A Data Scientist to join our expanding data team. The role will help our vision to optimise every department in our business. This is a full-time position with significant opportunities for personal development. We offer an intellectually stimulating environment, work within an interdisciplinary team and an inclusive culture.

Package: Up to c£70k DOE- however we are looking for the right candidate and if that’s you, there could be some wriggle room! with excellent benefits including 23 holiday days (plus your birthday off), Remote working, and pet insurance discount.

What you`ll get up to as a Data Scientist

As we continue to expand our business, we are looking for a motivated Data Scientist to join the team and take a hands-on role in supporting the Data Science strategy working in close collaboration and alignment with key business areas. You will play a key role in delivering the data science use cases and analytics platform that enables the end-to-end development of insights, data mining, machine learning and AI etc

What We Look For In You

Essential:

Strong statistical and analytical skills
Experience with model design, machine learning and AI.
A proven track record of delivering data science user cases
Strong stakeholder skills to drive efficiency and speed along with strong project management leadership.
Experience of working with large and complex data sets
Solid knowledge of the fundamental scientific process and statistical concepts (e.g. hypothesis testing, uncertainty, probability distributions, etc)
Solid knowledge of ML theory and model development processes
Experience of applying at least 2-3 statistical and machine learning techniques to tackle complex problems (e.g. regression techniques, clustering, random forest, SVM, causal inference methods, time series forecasting, etc)
Ability to work collaboratively with other technical and business functions
Experience with querying and programming languages: SQL, R/Python
Experience of working on a cloud platform

Desirable

Experience/knowledge of working with Azure ML & Azure Databricks
Experience of deploying models into production
Experience in a commercial setting with a focus on business growth
Experience of working with both structured and unstructured data

What Animal Friends is all about!

A large part of our success is due to our company values which are the foundation of how we work, we are courageous by continually looking for new ways to innovate our customers experience and the pet insurance industry. We are kind-hearted with animal welfare being important to us, we donate and support over 300 charities across the UK and worldwide, to date, we have donated over £6.6 million. And we are passionate about the support we provide to our customers helping them care for their pets.

Benefits Of Working With Animal Friends

We recognise that your hard work shouldn`t come without its perks, so here`s a little list of some of the things you can expect to get from us:

23 days annual leave plus bank holidays and we give you your birthday off
95% of our employee’s own pets, we’re able to provide up to 50% off insurance along with free access to our Vet consultation app JOII
We believe looking after employees’ health is important, so we offer discount on gym membership, access to a Wellbeing hub and a health care cash plan
We like to celebrate success and recognise excellent employee performance; we will donate £3k to the charity of our employee of the quarter’s choice
Most importantly, you`ll be working within a courageous, passionate and kind-hearted team

Animal Friends Pet Insurance Ltd is an equal opportunities employer and we welcome people of all ages, ethnicities, disabilities, religions and sexual orientations. Your application will be dealt with in the strictest of confidence.

As an FCA regulated business, we require successful applicants to clear our pre-employment screening process which includes a credit check and references checks.

Department

Data

Contract type

Permanent

Hours

37.5

Salary

Up to c£70k