Department: Engineering

Employment Type: Permanent

Location: London, UK

Compensation: £120,000 - £150,000 / year

Description

As a Lead Data Scientist at CogX, you will have the opportunity to develop algorithms, experiment and create software prototypes on an exciting and ground-breaking AI product. You will work to improve data-intensive processes and create new features and functions to elevate CogX App to the next level.

Key Responsibilities
Manage a Data Science team across NLP focused projects and technically leading and advising the engineering team on ML requirements for data science projects
Working closely with the CTO and the product team to design and develop cutting edge technologies for our recommendation engine.
You will have experience working with existing NLP and deep learning frameworks such as word embeddings, transformers, spaCy, NLTK, PyTorch, TensorFlow and Keras.
You will be familiar with the many recent exciting advances in NLP such as pre-trained language models, contextualised word embeddings, attention and novel neural network architectures.
You will have experience applying machine learning and deep learning methods to a range of NLP-related tasks, such as Named Entity Recognition, Sentiment Analysis, Knowledge Graphs and Topic Extraction and Summarisation.
Work as a self-starter, problem solver and hands-on technical specialist, take the ownership of shipping code into production, and play a technical role model.

Skills Knowledge And Expertise
Experience in landing data science capability, applying the most effective statistical /machine learning models on real world problems
MSc or PhD in Computer Science, 5+ years of experience, Mathematics or related technical discipline
Experience of research or innovative product development using natural language processing
Programming skills in commonly used ML languages (e.g. Python & R)
Excellent depth and breadth of knowledge in machine learning
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work in a team
Familiarity with modern software development practices.
Previous experience of SaaS software development (e.g. RESTful Web Services).
Track record of publications and research projects.

Benefits

Competitive Salary

Generous Share Options

Bonus

Pension

Hybrid Working