Job Reference #
258195BR

Job Type
Full Time

Your role
Are you excited to work with a global Data Analytics team with diverse backgrounds and talents? Can you apply your technical skills to help quantify business risks? Do you enjoy the challenge of converting a business hypothesis into an analytics approach?

We’re looking for a data analytics specialist who can:

establish relationships with business stakeholders within Group Internal Audit (GIA) to meet the operational and analytics needs of the organization,
collaborate across business units with stakeholders, providing thought leadership, and driving day-to-day implementation of our analytics strategy,
take ownership of analytical products and proactively monitor the usage of these and adapt them to changing business requirements,
analyze business problems and opportunities to design, develop and implement analytics solutions in agile iterations, ensuring the analytics developed meet expectations and are repeatable and sustainable where required,
advise GIA stakeholders on analytical options to address their specific needs, including discussing potential analytical approaches to problems, associated costs and trade-offs and recommendations, and providing technical mentorship and coaching to auditors across all levels,
contribute to the development of analytics solutions within your agile pod, providing thought leadership on Design Thinking, understanding stakeholder needs and process-improvement for agile analytics delivery
display strong communication, interpersonal, and leadership ability coupled with effective problem solving, conceptual thinking, quantitative and analytical skills.

Your team
You will be working in the Group Internal Audit (GIA) team. GIA’s role, as an independent function, is to support UBS in achieving its strategic, operational, financial and compliance objectives. We do this by assessing key processes as well as governance, risk management and the control environment within all business divisions and Corporate Centre functions globally. We are independent in our work and report directly to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee.

At UBS, we re-imagine the way we work, the way we connect with each other – our colleagues, clients and partners – and the way we deliver value. Being agile will make us more responsive, more adaptable, and ultimately more innovative.

We are a talent powerhouse that attracts and develops the best people by driving career growth in and outside the department. As a Data Analytics Specialist, you will be a member of the global Innovation team working collaboratively across GIA to manage the design and delivery of analytics and innovation solutions.

Your expertise

experience (5-7 years) working as a data analyst / scientist or data analytics manager; experience within the financial services industry preferred but not required
strong analytics and reporting skills include experience in Python and SQL. Alteryx and Tableau experience is desirable
experience in applying advanced data analytics / science techniques to solve business problems, including Natural Language Processing and Generation, and Machine Learning
excellent project management skills, and comfortable with managing multiple, concurrent projects
an interest and prior experience in building innovative data-driven solutions
experience of working closely with technology partners and processes
a strategic thinker with an interest and prior experience in building innovative and sustainable data-driven solutions
experience managing a team of 3-5 would be desirable but not required

About Us
UBS is the world’s largest and only truly global wealth manager. We operate through four business divisions: Global Wealth Management, Personal & Corporate Banking, Asset Management and the Investment Bank. Our global reach and the breadth of our expertise set us apart from our competitors.

With more than 70,000 employees, we have a presence in all major financial centers in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us?

Join us
At UBS, we embrace flexible ways of working when the role permits. We offer different working arrangements like part-time, job-sharing and hybrid (office and home) working. Our purpose-led culture and global infrastructure help us connect, collaborate, and work together in agile ways to meet all our business needs.

From gaining new experiences in different roles to acquiring fresh knowledge and skills, we know that great work is never done alone. We know that it's our people, with their unique backgrounds, skills, experience levels and interests, who drive our ongoing success. Together we’re more than ourselves. Ready to be part of #teamUBS and make an impact?

Disclaimer / Policy Statements
UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.

Your Career Comeback
We are open to applications from career returners. Find out more about our program on ubs.com/careercomeback.