Entain is one of the world’s largest sports betting and gaming groups, operating both online and in the retail sector. With offices across five continents and licences in more than 20 countries, we operate some of the most well-known and iconic brands in the industry with more than 250 years of combined history – names such as Ladbrokes, partypoker, bwin and Coral.

Our vision is to be the world leader in sports betting and gaming entertainment by creating the most exciting and trusted experience for our customers, revolutionising the gambling space as we go. We're home to a global family of more than 25 well-known brands, and with a focus on sustainability and growth, we will transform our sector for our players, for ourselves and for the good of entertainment.

We are looking for a passionate, and curious Data Scientist who will help us discover and monetise the information hidden in our unmatched data sets, helping us make smarter decisions to better serve our customers, and grow our products.

We work on exciting and novel machine learning problems, with a modern and evolving technology stack; finding the right answer, not just the first answer to these key initiatives.

We are a global team operating across the Entain portfolio, embedded into the business activities across all our geographies and brands; with a clear mandate to support customer acquisition, retention, and protection.

Our project portfolio is both broad and deep, and our work is visible and impactful to the company’s vision and success.

You can choose one of our established offices in London, Gibraltar or Vienna. You will benefit from access to learning resources and conferences and be part of a fun and inspirational work environment.

You will be a key player working alongside experienced data scientists on exciting initiatives which determine the future of our products (critically, you will not be focusing on building dashboard and reports).

Key Responsibilities
Build models and machine-learning algorithms, taking the opportunity from ideation through to deployment in our live production environment
Analyse large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns, presenting the results in a commercial impactful manner
Extract and interpret the business insights and provide recommendations based on those insights
Apply mathematical rigor and a highly refined sense of both "where to look next" and "what to do instead" when performing your analysis
Undertake pre-processing of structured and unstructured data for your analytics
Conduct research and development activities, data exploration and discovery, develop prototypes, algorithms and proof of concepts, leveraging leading data science and technology solutions – bring in the best of the wider community to the team.
Communicate data collection and statistical methodologies and their results, to both technical and nontechnical audiences
Collaborate with other data scientists, analysts, product managers to ensure the business, product and technology meet internal needs and standards – be part of our community.
Essential Experience/skills

Occasional travel to other Entain office might be required.
Experienced in the application of data science, having applied these concepts in CRM or other commercial settings
Strong data science understanding and experience of solution delivery from idea to production
Pragmatic thinking & high degree of attention to detail; able to operate as an individual contributor, as well as part of a larger team
Experience in working with vast amounts of data to detect trends and patterns
Comfortable working with ambiguous requirements, and translating these into testable experiments, challenging and clarifying scope and success measures as needed.
Commercial acumen - interested in the business applications of the model not just the techniques behind the models themselves
Development experience in Python, SQL (including concepts like sliding window, partition based calculations); plus key concepts such as version control.
Desired
Exposure to optimisation problems and their practical solution
Experience working in a cloud environment
Experience in working with Airflow and Docker and other modern development / infrastructure tools
Familiarity with A/B testing techniques and prototyping
Familiarity with the e-Gaming industry (Sports betting, Casino, Poker, Bingo, etc.)
Gibraltar Vienna

We’re Entain. Powered by our very own technology and building products that push boundaries, Entain is home to a global family of more than 25 well-known brands and over 24,000 people, but we all play for the same team. When we win, we win together. Our vision is to be the world leader in betting, gaming and interactive entertainment by bringing moments of excitement into people’s lives. We will achieve this through our focus on sustainability and growth, driving change in the fast-paced world of entertainment.

Diversity and inclusion at Entain

As a global employer, Entain is committed to providing a safe, fun, and inclusive culture where our people feel like they truly belong. We are a multicultural business that values, celebrates and respects individual differences, so whatever your sexuality, gender, gender identity, ability, age, race, religion or belief, you will have a voice here, and the space to do your best work. Our diverse internal networks provide the support for you to express your views and make a positive difference.

Wellbeing at Entain

We want our employees to feel healthy and supported at home and at work. That's why we have our Well-me programme, which provides information, tools and training to help our people look after their mental and physical wellbeing in ways that matter to them.