Pave FinTech (formerly Portify) is looking for a Data Scientist to join its growing Data Science team.

At Pave we are developing exciting technologies with the goal of eliminating financial inequality. Our Direct-to-Consumer product offers a new way to build credit health through a simple subscription service, but we’re not content with stopping there… We are currently building out Business-to-Business products that will change the way businesses collect revenue, how customers manage their bills, and the future of credit building as we know it.

We’re looking for vibrant, forward-thinking individuals to join us on our journey!

Role Description

As a Data Scientist at Pave you will have a unique opportunity to use open-banking, credit-history, and app-usage data to generate predictive models and insights that can be used to transform the future of credit decisioning. Far from being an afterthought, our Data Science team lies at the centre of the business. Pave is a place where you can make a big difference on day one and create real value to the business and ultimately the customer.

Responsibilities

In the next 12 months you will:

Research and develop improvements to our open-banking transaction-enrichment pipeline
Research new feature generation and model development for credit risk prediction
Productionize and monitor models on AWS

Minimum Qualifications

Master’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physics, machine learning, engineering or similar quantitative field
Industry or research experience in a related discipline (2+ years)
Self-starter and strong sense of ownership
Experience developing and serving Natural Language Processing models in industry
Sound analytical thinking, communication skills and attention to detail
Strong programming skills in Python

If you don’t quite meet all these criteria but think you’re the real deal we’d still love to hear from you.

Bonus Qualifications

Previous experience with open-banking data
Previous experience with consumer or SME credit risk models
Experience with AWS cloud architecture (Lambda, Sagemaker Pipelines, ECS, ECR) or Google Cloud Platform
Interview Process

There are 3 stages for you to get to know Pave and help us determine if you’re a great fit:

Stage 1: An introductory phone call with members of our Data Science team to run through your experience and ambitions;

Stage 2: A follow-up technical interview with our Data Science team;

Stage 3: A final values-based interview with our CEO, Sho.

Benefits

Flexible-, remote- and office-working
The ability to work remotely abroad for up to 20 working days a year
A free subscription to Pave Plus
Private healthcare insurance with Vitality
ClassPass Membership
3% Pension Contribution
Season-ticket loan and cycle-to-work scheme
Carbon offsetting
25 days holiday + 3 days off during Christmas and NY
Learning & Development budget

Salary

Salary - £50k - 60k

Equity: 0.0% - 0.1%

We can sponsor visas for this role

Please note: We will make competitive offers tailored to each individual

Hybrid Working

We offer all team members a fully flexible working approach, however you want to work is cool with us and each has their own perks. But don’t worry, we still bring the team together in-person through routine offsites.