Job details

Salary £36,838 a year Job type Full-time Part-time Permanent

Full Job Description

Details

Reference number 228411 Salary £36,838 Grade Senior Executive Officer Contract type Permanent Business area UKSA - Statistics Regulation Type of role Analytical

Architecture and Data

Statistics Working pattern Flexible working, Full-time, Job share, Part-time Number of posts 1

Contents

Location

Benefits

About the job

Things you need to know

Apply and further information

Location

Newport, Edinburgh

About The Job

Summary

Do you want to use your data science skills to stand up for the public’s right to access statistics and data that exhibit trustworthiness, quality and value and serve the public good?

As the independent regulator of statistics, the Office for Statistics Regulation’s (OSR) role is to enhance public confidence in statistics. What we do matters now more than ever. The Covid-19 pandemic has driven unprecedented change in the world around us. It’s not enough for good information to be available to decision-makers for it to serve the public good, it must also be accessible, clearly explained and fairly presented to the public. Our work in the pandemic has involved stepping in to uphold these principles, being agile and evolving our approach to support a fast-changing statistical environment. An important part of how we are adapting is building our data science capability and considering how we regulate new technologies within official statistics and beyond. Our small Data and Methods team aims to use cutting edge Natural Language Processing techniques to support our regulatory work and build our insight into the misuse of statistics.

For more information about the work we do, please see the candidate pack attached.

Job Description

The Office for Statistics Regulation (OSR) is a small, friendly, and high energy team, which draws on a range of backgrounds and professions. We are looking for an enthusiastic and committed individual, with data science skills, to work with us as we innovate our regulatory model and enhance our data and methods capability. Your work will underpin much of what we do and is central to our ability to effectively regulate, ensuring we focus on the issues which matter most to society.

As an OSR Data Scientist you will be responsible for delivering projects on our data science work programme, which is overseen by our Head of Data and Methods. The work programme is informed by the needs of our regulators, and it will be your job to liaise and help scope, develop and deliver projects to best meet their needs. You will also help with supporting data science capability across the organisation and be prepared to advise on data science methodology within official statistics outputs produced across government, particularly outputs being reviewed by OSR, if needed.

Many of our projects are NLP related. Examples of some live projects include:

Understanding areas of public debate where statistics are being used (or misused) and where there are gaps in the use of statistics.
Identifying the most used/most valuable statistics and using text analysis of media to understand issues of greatest concern to society, to inform our future work programme or focus specific systemic reviews.
Monitoring use of statistics in our domains, including understanding when official statistics publications are delayed or cancelled.
Understand the impact of our interventions.

The post holder will need to be able to work independently with guidance from the Head of Data and Methods, but also to work closely with data scientists in the across the GSS to understand and promulgate best practice. The post holder will also have the opportunity to build up links with the Office for National Statistics’ Data Science Campus.

This role offers an excellent opportunity to develop skills in delivering data science projects from inception through to delivery while also developing technical expertise yourself. You will gain experience of managing delivery through others, developing organisational capability and developing project ideas.

You will be expected to spend a significant amount of your time developing code and delivering projects. You will have support from analysts externally and across OSR, including through our planned Data and Methods steering group, which guides OSR’s thinking for this area of the work programme.

Other current work within the Data and Methods team includes developing and promoting best practice guidance and regulation around AI, and reviewing the extent of and progress with data sharing and linkage across the UK government. If these projects are of interest, flexibility can be given for the post holder to get involved in these areas, but this is not a specific requirement of the post.

Responsibilities

Work across OSR to identify and deliver coding projects that improve OSR’s ability to regulate statistics and prevent the misuse of statistics in the public domain.
Presentation and dissemination of data science project information – we are looking to develop how we present information from our analytical work. The post holder will consider how we publish projects we have undertaken via Github, Medium and other platforms and what approach we want to take to share our learning across the analytical community. The post holder can work with our Digital Comms lead where appropriate.
Engage in cross government data science networks and information sharing – there is a huge opportunity to increase our visibility and learn from others through engagement in cross government and data science community networks. The post holder will be expected to engage in this area considering where we can input and present our projects virtually or face to face.
Support data science capability within the Data and Methods team and within wider OSR – OSR has several enthusiastic and capable individuals who can provide support on projects or lead specific projects. We are looking for the post holder to support these individuals to develop as well as supporting the organisation more broadly with an understanding of data science which will support their roles as regulators.
There may also be opportunity to line manage a HEO data scientist.

The post holder will have support from the Head of Data and Methods to deliver these responsibilities.

Person Specification

Essential Criteria

Experience of delivering text analysis projects in R or Python (e.g. natural language processing, associated thematic analysis, sentiment analysis), taking into account team’s needs and delivering effectively. Ability to consider a range of approaches to delivering projects and full consideration of new technologies.
Ability to suggest innovative ideas for improvement, making changes that add value and increase the knowledge and understanding of OSR. Willingness to try projects, invite challenge and identify early signs that things are going wrong and respond promptly.
Ability to form effective partnerships within data science communities and seek input from people from a variety of backgrounds (e.g. technical, domain knowledge, ethics).
Ability to build capability and develop self and others. Able to identify areas individuals and team need to develop to achieve objectives.
Experience of coding in cloud platforms (such as Google Cloud Platform or AWS).
Behaviours

We'll assess you against these behaviours during the selection process:

Changing and Improving
Working Together
Developing Self and Others
Technical skills

We'll assess you against these technical skills during the selection process:

Text analysis projects in R or Python (e.g. natural language processing, associated thematic analysis, sentiment analysis), taking into account team’s needs and delivering effectively. Ability to consider a range of approaches to delivering projects and f
Coding in cloud platforms (such as Google Cloud Platform or AWS)

Benefits

The Office for National Statistics is part of the Civil Service, and as such we share a number of key benefits with other departments, whilst also having our own unique offerings to support our 5000+ valued colleagues across the business.

Whether you are hearing about us for the first time or already know a bit about our organisation, we hope that the benefits pack attached (bottom of page) will give you a great insight into the benefits and facilities available to our colleagues, and our fantastic working culture.

We are an organisation that takes well-being seriously and lives and breathes the desire to modernise the workplace of the future. Everyone, from our office-based colleagues across our office sites, to our field interviewers and airports and ports passenger survey teams, are part of a diverse and inclusive family.

Inclusion & Accessibility

At ONS we are always looking to attract the very best people from the widest possible talent pool, and we are proud to be an inclusive, equal opportunities employer. As a member of the Business Disability Forum and a Disability Confident Leader we’re committed to ensuring that all candidates are treated fairly throughout the recruitment process.

As part of our application process, you will be prompted to provide details of any reasonable adjustments to our recruitment process that you need. If you would like to discuss any reasonable adjustments before applying, please contact the recruitment team in the first instance.

If you would like an accessible version of any of the attachments or recruitment documents below or linked to in this advert, please contact the recruitment team who will be happy to assist.

Things you need to know

Security Successful candidates must pass a disclosure and barring security check. People working with government assets must complete basic personnel security standard checks. Selection process details This vacancy is using Success Profiles, and will assess your Behaviours, Experience and Technical skills.

The ONS regularly run webinars and support sessions for candidates. You can find details on all our upcoming webinars on our Eventbrite page.

Assessment at application stage will be based on your work history, skill and experience and personal statement. Your application should be tailored to demonstrate any skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the content of the role.

Your personal statement should be no longer than 1250 words. You should use this space to provide evidence for each essential criterion within the person specification. As the criteria are scored, we would recommend that you give clear examples for each including the impact of your actions.

Success Profiles Behaviour examples are not required at this stage.

In cases where there is a high number of applications the sift pass mark may be adjusted and candidates will be invited to interview in merit order, i.e., those scoring the highest.

Should you be invited to interview, you will be assessed using various assessment techniques aligned to the Civil Service Success Profiles, where you'll be assessed against all the behaviours outlined in the advert as well as against the technical areas listed in the advert.

A presentation may be required at interview. Further information will be provided to successful candidates prior to interview.

Interviews will be held with those who pass the sift via video conferencing.

A reserve list may be held for a period up to 6 months from which further appointments may be made.

Sift will take place – 26/09/2022

Interviews – 10/10/2022

Dates are subject to change

For the full terms and conditions of the post, please see attachment below.

Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment. Nationality requirements

This Job Is Broadly Open To The Following Groups

UK nationals
nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK
nationals of the Republic of Ireland
nationals from the EU, EEA or Switzerland with settled or pre-settled status or who apply for either status by the deadline of the European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS)
relevant EU, EEA, Swiss or Turkish nationals working in the Civil Service
relevant EU, EEA, Swiss or Turkish nationals who have built up the right to work in the Civil Service
certain family members of the relevant EU, EEA, Swiss or Turkish nationals
Further information on nationality requirements Working for the Civil Service The Civil Service Code sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.

We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's recruitment principles. The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria. The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.

Apply and further information

This vacancy is part of the Great Place to Work for Veterans initiative. Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records. Contact point for applicants

Job Contact

Name : Emily Barrington Email : emily.barrington@statistics.gov.uk

Recruitment Team

Email : davood.torangi@ons.gov.uk Further information If you feel your application has not been treated in accordance with the Recruitment Principles and you wish to make a complaint, in the first instance, you should contact recruitment.complaints@ons.gov.uk. If you are not satisfied with the response you receive from the Department, you can contact the Civil Service Commission