Role: Senior Data Scientist
Team / Department: Marketing Sciences
Line Manager: Alexey Drozdetskiy
Team Lead: Alexey Drozdetskiy
Team size: 16 and growing

We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to build and productionise end-to-end Data Science solutions (from classic classification and regression models for retention and price optimisation, to state-of-the-art recommendation engines with NLP, Computer Vision layers and third party data-driven sophisticated enhancements) and to participate in a rapid expansion of our client list.

As a business we’ve grown every year during the pandemic. In the last 12 months we’ve won the biggest pitches in our category (Virgin Media 02 & Mercedes) and our clients say that we’re “reinventing the future of marketing”.

Here is a list of skills and experiences for Senior Data Scientists in our Team – this is both, the list of requirements and the list you would look forward to developing and advancing once you join. Data Science field is vast – so, a healthy subset of the below is sufficient to apply. From our side – we will do our best to help you to expand on it (you are welcome to check feedback on Alexey’s LinkedIn).

In no particular order:

Classic algorithms and approaches – clustering, classification, regression – from k-Means to XGBoost
Time Series – well beyond (S)ARIMA(X)
Recommendation Engines
NLP and Computer Vision, including Deep Learning, including application of GANs
Production level Python code, experience in C/C++, Linux Shell, SQL, Spark/Databricks
DevOps/MLOps approaches and techniques with implementation in AWS (Azure, GCP)
Statistics, including reasoning around algorithms and underlying math
Explainability and bias detection/avoidance
Git, GitFlow, MLflow, Agile development, config-driven implementations, CI/CD
Solution ownership, stakeholder management

About RAPP / Code:

When it comes to individuals, we’re fierce. We stand up for individuality. And we actively foster an inclusive workplace where diversity and individual difference are valued and leveraged to achieve the agency’s vision. And most importantly we value every individual’s wellbeing. As a diversity champion, equal opportunities and disability confident employer and an ardent advocate of flexible working we understand that everyone has unique requirements and needs.

We are a global creative agency, but the individual really is at the heart of everything we do. We use data to find out what makes them tick. We use technology to talk to them one-to-one – but to one million at a time. And we use creativity to encourage them to engage, click, buy and bond, again and again.

Each brand is unique and has its own individual challenges. We pride ourselves in rising to each and every one of them, for brands such as KFC, Mercedes Benz, IKEA, Paypal and Virgin Media 02.

Benefits (above and beyond the standard):

We are true advocates of Flexible Working. We ask you to work where and when you work best. We’ll be honest though, we do love seeing people in the office, because it delivers on our Culture, Collaboration and Connection. For Concentration, work where you’ll work best. We call it the 4 Cs.

Learning and Development is important. We all know that. Its why we have a dedicated Learning and Development team and offer regular career conversations and bespoke L&D programmes so that you can leave us with more than when you started.

We recognise that the work of diversity, equity and inclusion calls on all of us. That’s why we set up The Neighbourhood. A collective of people, at different stages of the DE&I journey, whether impacted or allies, dedicated to helping our colleagues take ownership and effect change across 4 key pillars; Anti-racism, Disability, Gender & LGBTQ+ and Parents & Carers.

The Health and Wellbeing of our people matters immensely. We offer Coaching opportunities for all through our partnerships with Sanctus (mental health partner who provides online coaching; you can talk about anything, personal or professional) and Sayge (1:1 professional development coaching program). We have 40 trained Mental Health First Aiders across the agency and have Babylon Health (Private GP service) for all.

You’re better at work when you feel better in yourself. So, in addition to your annual holiday, you can take a “Me” day and an “Us” day, every year. Your “Me” day is for you to invest in yourself – go after a life goal, meditate, learn to paint, bake cakes or just have a duvet day watching Netflix! Your “Us” day is all about giving back and helping others – volunteer, pick litter at a local park, hang out with the elderly or raise money for a local charity.

We’re progressive and always open to new initiatives, for example we’ve recently partnered with Fertifa (Leading Fertility and Reproductive Health benefit providers). Because we know the journey to becoming a family isn’t always easy (that includes men too), and we support our people through that journey whether you are new parent, experiencing the menopause, or anything else in between.

Whatever stage of life you are at, we make sure you have the tools you need to have a healthy work life balance.

Recruitment process:

We’re not a 9 stage interview process agency. We like to keep recruitment swift, lean and individual and find that 2 or 3 stages gives all parties the opportunity to get to know each other. Plus we have a team on hand to answer questions throughout the process.

We are RAPP. And we can’t wait to meet you.