Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.

As a member of the OTT Data Intelligence team within Sky Data you will use Data Science techniques to optimise customer journeys and drive decision making across OTT services to maximise customer experience

We’re part of Europe’s leading entertainment and communications business. With over 22 million customers across five countries, we make life easier by entertaining and connecting people. It’s a genuine team effort. That’s why we want talented people, like you, to join us and help make the future happen.

Making bold decisions is a big part of our history – and with talented people like you on board, we’re confident it’s going to be a big part of our future. NOW TV is our exciting internet TV that’s revolutionising the sector with a bold approach, fresh ideas and the latest technologies. We’re transforming the way our customers view content by making Sky Movies, Entertainment and Sports available across a range of devices.

What you’ll do:

Develop relationships with stakeholders to reach a deep understanding of their business
Understanding the commercial opportunities that exist to improve the way we make decisions
Be a key driver in delivering the team’s optimisation roadmap utilising data science techniques
Support development of a common predictive framework to optimise customer journeys with the use of data and best available tools and environments
Develop, refine and scale data management and analytics procedures, systems, workflows & best practices

What you’ll bring:

Data Science experience: Strong understanding of data science methods using open source or commercial tools. Coding experience: Python, SQL
Big Data experience: Experience in dealing with very granular data, using key Big Data technologies and comfortable with Linux/UNIX environments. Experience with cloud environments a plus (Google Cloud Platform, Amazon EC2).
Working in a dynamic environment: Positive, can-do attitude, and adaptability to quickly evolving objectives with strong ability to present findings in a non-technical manner and to pitch at the right level
High levels of logical thinking & problem solving skills. Able to deal with complex problems using innovative and industry leading techniques

Group Data Hub

Want to unlock the power of data? Our Group Data Hub works with millions of data transformations every day to deliver value, improve customer experience and enable new product launches. From architecture to analytics and engineering to science: it’s how we bring customers more of what they love.

The Rewards:

There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:

Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Access a wide range of best-in-class Sky VIP rewards and experiences
How you'll work:

We know the world has changed, and we want to offer our employees the chance to collaborate at our unique office spaces, whilst enjoying the convenience of working from home.

We've adopted a hybrid working approach to give more flexibility on where and how we work. You'll find out more about what this means for this role during the recruitment process.

Your office base

Osterley:

Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.

On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.

Inclusion:

We take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion: we’ve been recognised by The Times and Stonewall for this, and we’ve committed £30million to support the fight against racial injustice. We’ve also set bold targets for increasing ethnic diversity and representation throughout our organisation.

At Sky we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and your potential. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we're happy to discuss flexible working.

And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.

Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.

Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.