Reporting to the General Manager - Data Science the Senior Data Scientist will be a key part of the Data Science Team, executing the data science strategy and bringing together multiple large data sources for effective use across the business. This is a hybrid role, with the ability and scope to work flexibly between our city centre offices and home. You will have strong experience in leading data science projects & creating machine learning models.

In this exciting new role you will be expected to collaborate with internal teams across the business and identify, and collaborate with stakeholders across the wider group. You will use machine learning and statistical modelling tools to generate customer, marketing and commercial Insight, which in turn will inform marketing strategy, pricing and product development for the business. You will identify efficiencies in the use of data across its lifecycle, reducing data redundancy, structuring data to ensure efficient use of time and ensuring retained data/information provides value to the organisation and remains in-line with legitimate business and/or regulatory requirements. You will create algorithms and models to understand how changes in metrics in one area of the business impact other areas, always working with multiple teams across the business to deliver the data science roadmap.

The successful candidate will be highly numerate with a statistical background, experienced in using R, Python or similar statistical analysis package. Strong SQL skills and the ability to create clear data visualisations in tools such as Tableau or Power BI will be essential, and also having developed and deployed predictive models using machine learning frameworks and worked with big data technologies. You will be skilled in gathering data from multiple sources and in multiple formats with knowledge of data warehouse design, logical and physical database design and challenges posed by data quality. Demonstrable experience in cleansing and enriching of data, interpret business requirements in terms of data architecture, database technology and data model design will also be key. You will be able to demonstrate your experience in leading junior data scientists, and have hands on experience of project delivery.

What can we offer you?

We have been recognised as one of the Top 50 Best Places to Work in the UK on Glassdoor and offer our valued colleagues a range of benefits including: -
Competitive salary
Contributory pension scheme
26 days holiday entitlement per annum (plus bank holidays)
3 x salary life assurance
Generous Discretionary Profit Share Scheme
Colleague discounts on Jet2holidays and Jet2.com holidays and flights
Share Save scheme
Cycle to Work Scheme
Access to Mental Health First Aiders
Annual pay review
Many retail discounts on – travel and leisure, health, and wellbeing, eating out, shopping and lifestyle

We offer an excellent remuneration package with fantastic opportunities for progression in a growing business.

This is a great opportunity to be part of an exciting, forward-thinking business. We operate scheduled leisure flights to holiday destinations in the Mediterranean, the Canary Islands and to European Leisure Cities from our 10 UK bases.

Help us to send our all-important customers on holiday with Jet2.com and Jet2holidays!!