Job Title: Data Scientist Microbiology

Location: Colworth

JOB PURPOSE

The Science & Technology (S&T) team in the Nutrition and Ice Cream Business Groups (BG) is an agile team of enthusiastic world-class scientists who deliver business relevant solutions underpinning brand innovation programmes, based on scientific and technological capabilities. One such key capability is Food Microbiology, accountable for the delivery of microbiological solutions across R&D and Supply Chain (SC). The strength of the team lies in the integration of microbiological and processing knowledge for R&D to develop safe/stable formulation & process designs to deliver winning products.

As a Data Scientist, you will work in the microbiology team delivering up-front digital solutions and security across our R&D innovation portfolio and business operations with primary focus on ice cream and beverages, supporting iconic brands such as Magnum, Cornetto and Lipton. This is a critical business need as robust data-driven microbiological support: (1) provides the unlock for the Nutrition and Ice Cream BG to maximise value from data (faster and sustainable innovation, incident prevention and mitigation, cost efficiencies), (2) provides a solid basis to perform microbiological risk assessments and (3) enables the business to deliver better for you and planet products.

Responsibilities

Working as an integral member of our enthusiastic team of microbiologists, you will play a key role in supporting new products and processes development projects in R&D and providing data science and digital support to our global business operations.

Main Responsibilities Include
Identify and apply digital solutions for:
Automated capturing of experimental data to ensure instant availability for microbiological analyses and governance.
Process automation in support to business operations (e.g. chatbot).
Data visualization through dashboard development.
Optimize digital solutions in alignment across R&D digital platforms and priorities for the Business Groups.
Ensure end-to-end quality in microbiology science-based support, from design of experiments, followed by structured data capturing, (statistical) data analysis and visualisation, interpretation & presentation, and reporting to relevant stakeholders.
Support in Microbiological Risk Assessment for product innovation and renovation.
Identify and adapt new methodologies/process/procedures enabling continuous future fit microbiological data science and digital implementation.
All About You
Background (minimum BSc) in Data Science applied in Natural Sciences (e.g. Microbiology, Applied Biology, Food Technology or a closely related area).
Good working knowledge and experience with digital platforms (e.g. Sharepoint, LIMS system) and Microbiological Risk Assessment.
Data science, analysis and visualisation skills (e.g. DataBases, text mining, Python, R, PowerBi).
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral to present in multidisciplinary teams and to various stakeholders.
Team player with flexible “we can” attitude, yet, ability to work agile and independently, with influencing skills and defending own science-based knowledge in front of stakeholders.
About Unilever

Unilever is one of the world’s leading suppliers of Food, Home and Personal Care products with sales in over 190 countries and reaching 2 billion consumers a day. Unilever has more than 400 brands found in homes around the world, including Dove, Tresemme, Lynx, Lifebuoy, Shea Moisture, Persil, Domestos, Ben & Jerry’s, Magnum, Marmite, The Vegetarian Butcher, Graze and Pot Noodle.

Faced with the challenge of climate change and the need for human development, we want to move towards a world where everyone can live well and within the natural limits of the planet. That’s why our purpose is ‘to make sustainable living commonplace’ .

What We Offer

Not only do we offer a competitive salary and pension scheme, we also offer an annual bonus, free gym, a discounted staff shop and shares. You’ll have the opportunity to work directly with our renowned and exciting brands in a flexible and hybrid working environment.

Whilst the role is advertised on a full-time basis, we would be happy to discuss possible flexible working options and what this may look like for you. We are a key advocate of wellbeing and offer a variety of support for our people including hubs, programmes and development opportunities. We strive to achieve a family-friendly and inclusive workplace and to, above all, create possibilities for all.

Diversity at Unilever is about inclusion, embracing differences, creating possibilities and growing together for better business performance. We embrace diversity in our workforce. This means giving full and fair consideration to all applicants and continuing development of all employees regardless of age, disability, gender reassignment, race, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, marriage and civil partnership, and pregnancy and maternity. We are also more than happy to provide reasonable adjustments during our application and interview process to enable you to be present your best self. To find out more, including about our Employee Resource Groups, please click here Equity, Diversity & Inclusion at Unilever | Unilever.

Recruitment Fraud

Cyber criminals advertise fake job adverts with prestigious employers as a way of stealing information or even defrauding individuals out of money. In the most sophisticated cases, they will set up fake websites, which have a similar address to companies like Unilever. They even conduct fake telephone interviews and then offer candidates a role with the proviso they pay a fee for background checks or to cover work visa costs.  These types of attacks are becoming more common as more people are looking for employment in the economic climate.

How is Unilever tackling this?

Many of Unilever’s recruitment sites publish a warning to candidates about recruitment fraud. The Cyber Security team also proactively scan for signs of people setting up fake Unilever sites and act to close them down.

What can I do?

If you become aware of potential recruitment fraud, spot fake Unilever recruitment adverts or fake LinkedIn profiles, report them via Una Live Chat.

Unilever does not accept responsibility or liability for any candidates who are financially impacted by recruitment fraud. Your vigilance is key!