COME AND JOIN THE FLOCK AS OUR DATA SCIENTIST

Who are we?
Flock is a fully digital insurance company for commercial motor fleets, on a mission to make the world quantifiably safer.

With Flock, safer fleets pay less. Hundreds of companies trust us to protect their vehicles and drivers with connected insurance that enables and incentivises safer driving.

We're proud to be supported by some of the world's leading VCs, including Chamath/Social Capital and Anthemis. Our aim is to become the go-to insurer for connected and autonomous vehicles.

We are now investing heavily in what we know to be the key to our future success - our people.

Purpose of the Role
The main focus will be on risk and product insights to advance our value proposition - there will be a high degree of autonomy and the right candidate will have major influence over our long-term innovation, working with a modern, cloud-based toolset. You will be at the forefront to secure our position as an incredibly innovative InsurTech for the long term.

As the Data Scientist you will be:
Supporting the Data Science strategy, approach and technologies for Flock's future direction
Building sophisticated geospatial and risk models and algorithms to embed into our core propositions and to inform our pricing strategies, informed by real-time and historical telematics, geospatial and contextual data
Collaborating with engineers, data scientists, and DevOps to optimise the models and predictive algorithms developed by you and your team
Challenging existing approaches to come to better solutions
Running strategic R&D projects to provide innovative solutions to our connected fleet proposition
Seeing how your ideas will move extremely quickly into to our production and affect our customers

What our ideal candidate will have:
Experience of delivering Machine Learning models and algorithms in a commercial environment
Strong background in a quantitative field including Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or any other relevant field.
Experience working with popular toolings in Data Science & Analytics (for example, Python, R, Spark, Hadoop, dbt, Snowflake, Looker, Tensorflow, PyTorch)
Experience in working in Cloud environments (AWS, GCP, Azure etc)

The wow factor (not required but the stuff we love to see!)
Data Science experience in an agile product-led or an innovation-led environment
Experience building protected/protectable Intellectual Property
Hands-on Geospatial experience
Experience at an Insurance company

Benefits:
Competitive Salary
On target bonus of 40% of your salary
Share Options
£500 Learning & Development budget for you to spead on courses and books
Hybrid working - spending 2 days in our London office and 3 days flexible OR Remote working with monthly visits to our office
Cycle to Work Scheme
Standard Pension (3%)
Mac computer
Mental wellbeing support
Holidays 25 day + bank holidays
Annual eye test
Family-friendly socials

Our Interview process:
30 min discovery call with our Talent Manager
1 hour with the Hiring Manager to discuss your skills, experience and for you to find out more about the role and future development
1 hour live assessment/presentation - this will be with the hiring manager and two other team members
Final stage will be a 1-hour meeting with our CEO to find out more about our culture, mission and growth

DBS Checks:
As a firm that is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) we are required to do background checks on all our new hires. Should you have any questions about this please do feel free to ask us during your interviews