At Tesco our purpose is to help our customers, communities and the planet a little better every day. And at Tesco Bank we aim to give our customers smarter money helps, for everyday life, building on the foundations that have made Tesco a truly great British brand - and a success worldwide. Bringing that success to the financial services industry means attracting the finest talent to our senior and specialist roles, creating a backbone of excellence for our business - and offering professionals like you the chance to make a wide-ranging and long-lasting impact in a business that’s breathing new life into the industry.

Job Overview:

This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the first banks in the UK to successfully implement Machine Learning Models for credit decisioning. Working with us you will be developing and implementing modern predictive models that make better decisions for the business and customers. Excellent service and dedication to the customer are at the heart of Tesco. This role is about bringing a new approach to personal finances and retail banking.

In this job, I am accountable for:
Lead the technical end-to-end design and deployment of predictive models using data science methods to deliver powerful tools to make better customer and business decisions.
Be the technical interface with business stakeholders to ensure commercial and credit risk requirements are accurately captured and data science solutions are delivered in the right form to meet their needs.
Always keep the customer in sight and ensure a Minimal Viable Product is delivered to make a tangible difference.
Support the Data Science Manager in growing the technical capability of Data Science colleagues and be an advocate for Data Science across the Customer Division.
Keep abreast of Data Science innovation with external centres of excellence and be the expert point of contact for data science use cases across the Bank.
Ensure that all models are built and used within the Bank's model governance framework. Act as the lead contact with internal oversight functions.
Be the lead technical interface into other areas of Analytics and the wider Customer division to extract tangible value from data science solutions delivered by the team.

Skills and Experience Required:
5+ years experience of data science and predictive modelling to tackle business problems in banking commercial and/or credit risk.
Strong background in maths/stats, computer science
Grasp of profit / loss drivers in retail banking and an understanding of credit risk principles and application.
5+ years working in a fast paced project environment

Diversity and Inclusion

We are proud to have an inclusive culture at Tesco Bank where everyone truly fells able to be themselves. At Tesco Bank, we not only celebrate diversity, but recognise the value and opportunity it brings to enable us to help our shoppers manage their money a little better every day. We're committed to creating a workplace where differences are valued, and make sure that all colleagues are given the same opportunities.

We also know the importance of balancing work with life's other commitments. Please talk to us at interview about the flexibility you need, and we'll explore what's possible.

Wherever your talent lies, you’ll find challenge and reward in equal measure. We’re here to go the extra mile for our customers - and we’ll do the same for you. It’s simple. As long as you have the ambition, we’ll provide the opportunity for success.