Born on the steps of a Vegas hotel, we were always going to be troublemakers. We started from one belief: that small businesses deserved better.

Paymentsense Ltd was founded in 2009.

With financial success, an impressive trophy cabinet (The Sunday Times Tech Track, Inc 5000, Great Places To Work to name a few) and a culture to be proud of, we knew we had built something great. In 2019, with 85,000 customers while steadily onboarding 2,500 more each month, we knew our customers could be happier, so we ripped up the rule book. To become genuinely customer-first in our culture and thinking, we identified all our customers' pain points and created 'The Wall of Pain'. That's when we knew that to offer the best solutions, we needed to build a new product.

Enter, Dojo.

Dojo represents an enormous organisational shift; we had to restructure how we thought and did things. In a year since we officially launched Dojo, we've welcomed over 20,000 new customers, 500 new team members and called two brand new offices home. We've evolved into a dynamic, product-led business creating our own payments products, integrated card machines and transaction monitoring app. Here, we go home each day knowing we've made a difference —our industry-leading NPS score and 5-star Trustpilot rating tells us that!

At Dojo, we are curious, relentless and customer-obsessed. Our ambition is much greater than getting business owners paid. We're turning transactions into meaningful relationships with a set of tools and technology designed to empower businesses to thrive in the experience economy.

Enabled by technology, but powered by people.

As we enter our next growth phase and embark on another exciting shift towards a B2B2C model following the acquisition of queue-management system and consumer app, Walkup, we have a lot of work to do. Over the next year, the business will transform again as we steady the ship for multinational growth and product diversification. We're looking for people who can enhance our agility, ambition and risk-taking mentality while turning us into a well-oiled machine that's well-positioned to shape the experience economy.

The Role

Every single day, millions of people use our technology to take payments, and you’ll be responsible for developing data-science-driven solutions which have a demonstrable impact on our products and business decisions.

Our data team is moving into an exciting new phase, you will have the opportunity to play an important role in its development, working cross functionally to shape how our Data Science function provides robust modeling for the business.

We want you to bring your expertise with technology and experience in solving product and commercial problems into an environment where you’ll be working alongside some of the most passionate people in the industry, scaling our processes and helping to drive smarter decisions.

What will you do…

Develop, implement and improve predictive models that power commercially significant processes, decisions and products.
Bring rigorous, scientific analyses to departmental decision making, acting as an advisor and expert on best practices
Work closely within a multidisciplinary data team and across different departments to identify the highest impact solutions and analyses, working together to bring them to fruition
Apply your scientific skills to identify problems, generate hypotheses and conduct experiments and analyses to validate your hypotheses
Be the evangelist for a data-driven, test and learn approach to product development and operational processes

What you will bring…

A solid understanding of statistics, data modeling, machine learning, optimization techniques, predictive and prescriptive analytical concepts
You have expertise in model development and productionisation. You’ve implemented models that run autonomously and at scale
Experimentation design, adaptive experimentation methods, contextual decision-making, A/B testing
Proven track record of building relationships with stakeholders
You’re the commercially-minded person in the engineering discussion and the person pointing out the technical considerations in the meeting of business people

Our Technology Stack...

Snowflake / BigQuery
Scripting language: Python/R
dbt
Segment & Snowplow (for event tracking)
Looker
Google Cloud - PubSub, Cloud Functions, Dataflow, Cloud Composer, Cloud Build, Kubernetes

Benefits:

On top of a top quartile salary that reflects your skills and the markets we operate in, we've built a benefits package to show you how much we care about:

Your growth with our ever-growing talent and leadership development offer and regular feedback through CultureAmp and Trust Cycles.
Creating connections with our social clubs, communities, celebrations, social channels and more.
Looking after your mind with support from our Employee Assistance Programme, access to Spill therapists and our mental health champions.
Doing wellbeing properly with Vitality Health Insurance, free eye tests – plus, get those endorphins flowing with on-site fitness classes including yoga, boxing and HIIT.
Protecting you and yours with Group life assurance, our salary sacrifice pension plan and 26 weeks full pay maternity and 10 weeks full pay for secondary carers after a year’s service
Helping you give back with Payroll Giving (donate to a cause or charity of your choice, tax-free!) and a whole host of fundraising events for charities chosen by our employees
Giving you the extras with up to 30 days holiday, a dog-friendly office, cycle to work scheme, season ticket loans and Dojo perks our platform with plenty of tasty hospitality and retail discounts.

Diversity & Inclusion

We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, neurodiversity or disability - whoever you are, if you’re curious, relentless and customer-obsessed, we want to hear from you.

Working From Home?

More and more, people are talking about going back to the workplace and the new normal. At Dojo, we’re thinking of it as a Better Normal. That means offering our Dojo-ers more choice and greater flexibility to work in a way that’s best for their particular job, their teams, and their roles.

We’re also aware there are times when working together in person is the best way to get things done. Our founders and executive team hold a fundamental belief that social connection creates innovation. We’re very proud of our incredible connective spaces, which have been designed with collaboration front of mind —and they're dog-friendly so you can bring your best friend! Our London office recently won gold for Interior Design at the London Design Awards and we’re looking forward to emulating that success in our new Bristol and Hull offices too. We expect our Dojo-ers to connect in their hubs (that’s what we call our offices). That said, there’s no one-size-fits-all solution, so we expect all Dojo-ers and their teams will find the operating rhythm that works best for them.

If you’re wondering what it might be like for you at Dojo, our Talent Acquisition Team is happy to answer any questions.

Once you apply, your application will be reviewed by a committee of employees from different levels, teams, and experiences. We pride ourselves on fostering a sense of community, which is only made stronger by each individual at Dojo, so you'll have the opportunity to meet a variety of people throughout the process. Get excited!

Want more info? Check out our careers page: https://dojo.careers

For Recruitment Agencies

We do not accept unsolicited CV, biography and/or other candidate material received from any third-party recruitment agency or organisation under any circumstances without the prior written approval of a member of our Talent Acquisition team.

Please do not contact us with unsolicited submissions as they will not be recognised by us for the purposes of 'ownership' of any candidate.