Please note that this role is based in Saudi Arabia on a permanent, residential basis.

Job Req ID: 5532

Description:

Aramco energizes the world economy.
Aramco occupies a unique position in the global energy industry. We are the world's largest producer of hydrocarbons (oil and gas), with the lowest upstream carbon intensity of any major producer.
With our significant investment in technology and infrastructure, we strive to maximize the value of the energy we produce for the world along with a commitment to enhance Aramco’s value to society.
Headquartered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and with offices around the world, we combine market discipline with a generations’ spanning view of the future, born of our nine decades experience as responsible stewards of the Kingdom’s vast hydrocarbon resources. This responsibility has driven us to deliver significant societal and economic benefits to not just the Kingdom, but also to a vast number of communities, economies, and countries that rely on the vital and reliable energy that we supply.
We are one of the most profitable companies in the world, as well as amongst the top five global companies by market capitalization.

Overview

Gas Operations Technical Support Department is looking to hire a Data Scientist Engineer to work with Gas Operations Technical Support and Planning Department in order to support the development of IR4.0 and digital projects that are led by Digital Transformation Team. GOTS&PD is a department within the Gas Operations Admin area.

The Data Scientist will report to the Leader of Digital Transformation Team and will work with other colleagues in IR4.0 and digital projects and should be experienced in all of its enabling fields, such as digitalization, modeling, machine learning, programing, prototyping, AR/VR, mobile development, and/or AI.

Key Responsibilities

You will be required to perform the following:
Work in IR4.0 and digital projects and master all enabling fields such as digitalization, modeling, machine learning, programing, prototyping, AR/VR, mobile development, and/or AI
Develop applications and software for Digital Transformation Team related projects
Train team members and conduct knowledge sharing sessions regarding data science
Work with engineers of different disciplines providing support to ensure the reliability of projects

Minimum Requirements

As a successful candidate, you
Should have BS degree in science or engineering, MS or PhD is preferable
You should have a minimum of 15 years’, with a strong preference for 15 years’ plus, progressive professional experience including a minimum of 3 years working experience as a specialist with full responsibility for supervising major technical work, gaining recognition as a leading expert in IR4.0-enabling fields, such as digitalization, modeling, machine learning, programing, prototyping, AR/VR, mobile development, and/or AI in addition to an industry experience with a major technology developer and oil and gas operations background. You also must have patents and/or publications in any of these areas
As the successful candidate you will be able to demonstrate the ability to effectively lead cross-functional research teams to successful project completion, effectively represent an organization in high-level interactions with strategic partners with excellent communications skills as well as credibility as a leader and effectively interact with all organizational functions, including senior leadership. You will also have sound knowledge and experience working in developing technologies for industrial environments, ideally in a large company with diverse operations and/or in oil and gas operations

Working environment

Our high-performing employees are drawn by the challenging and rewarding professional, technical and industrial opportunities we offer, and are remunerated accordingly.
At Aramco, our people work on truly world-scale projects, supported by investment in capital and technology that is second to none. And because, as a global energy company, we are faced with addressing some of the world’s biggest technical, logistical and environmental challenges, we invest heavily in talent development.
We have a proud history of educating and training our workforce over many decades. Employees at all levels are encouraged to improve their sector-specific knowledge and competencies through our workforce development programs – one of the largest in the world.

Country/Region: SA