About us:
Tutorful began in 2015, and we’ve taken the tutoring world by storm. Today, Tutorful has over 11,000 tutors on our books who have taught over 2 million lessons to over 140,000 students. We have backing from a leading VC and several prominent tech executives. We’re a close-knit and highly-skilled team who love working together to create something that genuinely helps thousands of people.

Everything we do at Tutorful is promoted by 5 company values, encompassing our culture and how we work as a team:
- We put our customers first
- We favour small, autonomous teams with clear objectives
- We strive for impact
- We're open and transparent
- We work with awesome colleagues

We're building a platform that helps parents and students connect and learn with inspiring tutors, wherever they are.

Our Vision: To make life-changing tuition accessible to everyone!

Purpose of the role
We are building our teams to support our growth plans and so we are looking to hire a Data Scientist to join our Data, Analytics and Insights Team. This is a newly created role, giving our new hire the opportunity to progress the analytical capabilities across the company and help inform wider business growth.

Duties of the role:
Develop and apply machine learning techniques to recognise key trends and drive business decisions
Execute analytics projects from start to finish including: requirements gathering, problem-solving, segmentation, model creation, deployment and maintenance, and presenting findings
Work within multidisciplinary teams across the business to understand where data science can add value and devise and implement solutions
Communicate findings and solutions to senior management

Ideal Experience and skillset:
STEM Degree educated
Strong coding skills in Python, and experience with commonly used data science libraries
Strong understanding of statistical and ML techniques
Experience building statistical/machine learning models and supporting their deployment in live environments
A keen interest in using data science to solve commercial problems
Familiarity with AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, Batch) would be beneficial.
Strong communication, interpersonal, and leadership ability coupled with effective problem solving, conceptual thinking, quantitative and analytical skills
Self-motivated, organised, ambitious, driven individual
You thrive in a fast-paced, changing environment
Accountable, owning your work and the outcomes it has

At Tutorful you can expect a great working environment and to continually improve your skills

Some of our benefits include:
25 days holiday, with an extra day for each year you are with us (up to 28)
An additional 5 days unpaid is available, just in case you want it!
We have flexible working hours over the week around a set of core hours
Hybrid working model
Enhanced Maternity, Paternity and Adoption Leave
2 Wellbeing Days per calendar year
A great office environment, including free fruit, fab coffee, beer on Thursday afternoons, and company-organised socials
Everyone gets an annual training budget and there are opportunities to attend conferences and in-house training sessions
Company ‘skill sharing’ initiatives, along with external training opportunities
You get £250 in lesson credit every year to spend on the Tutorful platform
An awesome team to work amongst, who are genuinely improving education for thousands of people across the UK!

If the above is of interest to you or you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us.