Job title: Data Scientist
Location: Slough/ Remote
Contract length: 6 Months rolling
Hourly Rate: circa £550 per day

Randstad Sourceright, a leading provider of RPO & MSP Recruitment Services is currently recruiting for a Data Scientist to join a leading Telecommunications business.

You’ll be joining their Network Analytics team that specialise in providing analysis and information from data teams across the business. You’ll work within their data engineering team but if you don’t have any experience in data engineering yet but are a great developer with a desire to learn; this could be a good position for you to upskill!

Essential skills, attributes and experience
Modelling experience with strong machine learning background, and deep learning experience desirable.
Apache Spark (Python/Scala)
Python (including ML tools Pandas/Numpy/Sklearn,etc. Tensorflow/Pytorch desirable)
SQL
Django (desirable)
Linux fundamentals (crons, creating files; executing scripts; etc..)
Strong stats background
Self-motivated with the ability to lead and motivate others, note that this is more than just a technical role as the person will need to work closely with stakeholders to unsure delivery meets needs.

Responsibilities:
Developing Monitoring and alerting for our analytical products
Building monitoring to identify anomalies in the flow of data.
Incorporating business logic that takes action where appropriate and alert users where it can’t be resolved
Building alerting capability that can pass the important information to systems that raise “alarms”

Data Engineering
Developing data pipelines to extract, transform and load data based on business requirements
Cleaning, reshaping & summarising data so that it can be used for team members to explore, build models and feed dashboards

Developing Plotly Dash
Develop interactive UI using plotly dash that allows output of analytical models to be viewed in real time.

Extracting data & analysing the output to provide business insight
Exploring data to find relationships and trends.
Clearly and effectively communicating these finding verbally and visually.
Add robustness to results by applying statistical tests