Senior Data Scientist The companies data is unparalleled across the luxury fashion industry, from transactions, to web-traffic, to customer feedback and survey response. Our Data Science team is tasked with utilising this unique resource to enhance the business's ability to anticipate and meet our customer's needs. Role Purpose:-As a Senior Data Scientist at the Group you will be working within the sales and conversion tribe of the data science team. The goal of the tribe is to increase sales and conversion by offering the most personalised experience possible.
Train, deploy and monitor Machine Learning models
You will build a customer churn, customer lifetime value, customer profiling (clustering) models and will build an automated product based marketing attribution model
Build production grade code
Work with stakeholders throughout the business to encourage a data-driven approach through the delivery of automated data products and accessible, actionable insight.
Identify opportunities to improve the efficiency of the Data Science team through improved work practices and the development of data assets. Data Science Technical and Project Management Landscape:
Amazon Web Service (SageMaker).
Jenkins.
Atlassian suite (Jira, Bitbucket and Confluence).
Python, PySaprk, SQL, Airflow.
PyCharm. Note: The team is currently going through a transformation and a hypergrowth phase. The tech stack will evolve to include more services from AWS tech suite. Qualification & Requirements:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Maths, Statistics, Computer Science or similar.
4+ years of professional experience (at least 5+ models in production delivering consistent business value).
Online Retail or Online Market Place experience is preferred.
Experience working using Agile principals and methodology.
Experience working with CRM, SEO and paid media marketing teams Technical skills:
Expert level in Python, SQL.
Working knowledge of PySpark.
Practical experience with Git.
Practical CICD experience (Jenkins, Azure DevOps, TeamCity or Similar).
Exposure to Docker and Kubernetes is a plus.
Practical experience using Object Oriented Programming.
Strong foundation in key topics of statistics including sample selection, probability, hypothesis testing and linear regression.
Strong understanding of key machine learning algorithms including logistic regression, decision trees, random forests or clustering algorithms.
Proven track record of applying machine learning algorithms to solve commercial problems.
Exposure to graph technology is a plus but not mandatory. Soft Skills:
Strong business acumen.
Able to work proactively to solve loosely defined problems.
Comfortable communicating with a non-technical audience.
Able to demonstrate resilience when face with challenges.
Able to work in cross functional teams (marketing, tech, merchandising or other). Reports to: Data Science Manager of the Sales & Conversion tribe
Location: London
Hours: 37.5hrs/week 60-63k + 5% bonus

Parkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer