We are seeking a full time Research associate in Data science (grade 7) to join a collaborative research team led by Professor Andres Floto in the Department of Medicine, University of Cambridge, and Dr John Winn, at Microsoft Research Cambridge.

You will be based mainly in the Department of Medicine at the new Heart Lung Research Institute Cambridge Biomedical Campus. The post is available for 2 years in the first instance. Flexible/part time working can be accommodated.

You will be part of a group of researchers working on an NIHR research programme to develop and apply new machine learning methods to predict acute pulmonary exacerbation in Cystic Fibrosis.

The post holder will be responsible for developing and refining machine learning methods to optimise clinical forecasting based on home physiological monitoring data which will be validated in a randomised clinical trial as part of a multi-disciplinary group of researchers.

The Department of Medicine provides an exciting multidisciplinary research environment with strong collaborations with the WT Sanger Institute, EMBL-EBI, and University Departments of Biochemistry, Chemistry, and Engineering.

Appointment at Research Associate level is dependent on having a PhD, or an equivalent research doctorate. Those who have submitted but not yet received their PhD will be appointed at Research Assistant level, which will be amended to Research Associate once PhD has been awarded.

Fixed-term: The funds for this post are available for 2 years in the first instance.

Click the 'Apply' button below to register an account with our recruitment system (if you have not already) and apply online.

Closing Date: 23 October 2022

Interview Date: TBC

Please ensure that you upload a covering letter and CV in the Upload section of the online application. The covering letter should outline how you match the criteria for the post and why you are applying for this role. If you upload any additional documents that have not been requested, we will not be able to consider these as part of your application.

Please include details of your referees, including e-mail address and phone number, one of which must be your most recent line manager.

Please quote reference RC33316 on your application and in any correspondence about this vacancy.

The University actively supports equality, diversity and inclusion and encourages applications from all sections of society.

The University has a responsibility to ensure that all employees are eligible to live and work in the UK.

Further information
Further Particulars
Apply online