Data Scientist 2



Introduction
The Economist is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to join our Data Science Team. Our Data Science Team is a central source of data skills working across all commercial teams in the business. Reporting to the Head of Data Science you will be leading the application of data science across the business including predictive modelling, segmentation and A/B testing.

We believe that data science can bring us a better understanding of our customers’ needs, opportunities to improve their experience and a clearer view of what is driving our business performance. In this role you will help advance The Economist’s data science capability, bringing projects to production and cementing the role of data science in the way our business operates. You will be doing hands-on data science work with transactional and behavioural datasets in our data lake. You will be directly speaking to stakeholders across the business to understand their needs and explain your work, while collaborating with data engineers and insight analysts to deliver projects cross-functionally.

We believe data science is essential to the success of our business. This role is an opportunity to apply data science to make a real difference to The Economist’s business.

Accountabilities
Help identify areas where data science can be applied to generate value for the business
Work with stakeholders and technical teams to propose data science projects
Execute data science projects using a range of datasets and techniques
Collaborate with other technical teams to deliver solutions as needed
Communicate the outcomes and value of your work to business stakeholders
Provide feedback and define best practice where teams are using 3rd-party tools with a statistical/machine learning component, especially in relation to A/B testing

Experience, skills and professional attributes
Prior experience as a data scientist, ideally in a B2C business that interacts with customers through digital channels
A solid understanding of statistical modelling and machine learning
Ability to write code to implement statistical models and machine learning processes in Python
Experience extracting, cleaning and preparing data for data science work including good knowledge of SQL
An understanding of software development best practice for production systems
Ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical colleagues and practically deliver a data science solution to a business problem
A meticulous approach to all work, completed to high level of quality
The ability to work under time pressure while providing high quality output
The ability to work on your own with conviction to prioritise workload
Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)




The Economist Group values diversity. We are committed to equal opportunities and creating an inclusive environment for all our employees. We welcome applicants regardless of ethnic origin, national origin, gender, gender identity, race, colour, religious beliefs, disability, sexual orientation , age or marital status.