Job Purpose/Overview

One Demand Data & Analytics (ODDA) is a Mars Wrigley program that harnesses the power of data and insights to solve some of the critical business-wide problems we face – unlocking quality growth and operational excellence.

Through ODDA, we deliver connected insights across the entire demand ecosystem. We empower our Associates with the right data, tools and capabilities so they can take decisive action, maximizing value and making a meaningful impact on our consumers, our customers and our business.

The Portfolio & Innovation Analytics vertical within ODDA seeks to equip Mars Associates with the capabilities needed to address portfolio health and innovation from a holistic and analytics-driven viewpoint.

Key Responsibilities
Applies strong expertise in AI through use of machine learning, data mining, and statistical models to design, prototype and build next generation AA engines and services
Collaborate with business partners to develop novel ways to meet objectives utilizing cutting edge techniques and tools
Effectively communicate the analytics approach and how it will meet and address objectives to business partners
Advocate and educate on the value of data driven decision making focusing on the “how and why” of solving problems
Lead analytic approaches, integrating work into applications and tools with data engineers, business leads, analysts and developers
Create repeatable, interpretable, dynamic and scalable models that are seamlessly incorporated into analytic data products
Engineer features by using your business acumen to find new ways to combine disparate internal and external data sources
Share your passion for Data Science with broader enterprise community; identify and develop long-term processes, frameworks, tools, methods and standards
Collaborate, coach, and learn with a growing team of Data Scientists
Stay connected with external sources of ideas through conferences and community engagements
Job Specifications/Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Analytics or related quantitative fields (statistics, Operations research, mathematics, econometrics etc.). Advanced degree will be preferred
4 to 6 years' experience in applied data science role or equivalent; ideally in CPG/Retail
Knowledge and experience in modelling techniques and advanced applied skills (e.g. significance testing, GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.) using tools like Spark, Scala, SAS, R, Python, Bayesia, H2O, Storm, Yarn, and Kafka
Experience querying databases (SQL, Hive)
Experience working with big data platforms such as Hadoop ecosystem (Azure), including in-memory solutions (SAP HANA and Apache Spark)
Working knowledge of data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, D3, ggplot, to deliver output to the broader business community to improve decision making and productivity
Strong communication and presentation skills
What can you expect from Mars?
Work with over 130,000 like-minded and talented Associates, all guided by The Five Principles.
Join a purpose driven company, where we’re striving to build the world we want tomorrow, today.
Best-in-class learning and development support from day one, including access to our in-house Mars University.
An industry competitive salary and benefits package, including company bonus.