Apply here

www.womenindata.co.uk/job/senior-data-scientist-london-bristol-lloyds/

Job Description Summary
Builds machine learning prototypes, and opportunities for advanced analytics across Group. Provides insightful, high quality complex information and advice to stakeholders. Leads small teams in the development of machine learning projects.
Job Description
Here at Lloyds Banking Group, we put our customers at the heart of everything we do and every colleague has an important part to play.
Part of the Chief Data & Analytics Office within Lloyds Banking Group, Data Science is a key player in our further digitisation using the latest technologies and services. We take ideas from the concept stage and work with our customers to understand how data science and machine learning can be applied. You’ll work on a wide range of exciting projects with no shortage of work!
The role of a Data Scientist ...
Working in multidisciplinary teams you'll support all stages of a project - from exploring the problem statement and experimenting with different modelling approaches to developing industrialised applications powered by Machine Learning.
As a data scientist you’ll perform the following activities:
Develop experimental models and machine learning applications in Python alongside our ML Data Engineers (who build the data pipelines and ensure quality)
Deliver production Machine Learning models across the full reach of the bank - from predicting savings balances to identifying which of our customers may fall into financial difficulty and need a helping hand
Collaborating in multidisciplinary squads, regularly communicating key findings to our business partners
Your models will have a material impact on the lives of up to 30m+ customers across the whole of the UK - and together we'll make it possible …
Here's what we need from you...
We're keen to speak to data scientists that have at least 3 years of experience delivering data science. In particular, candidates with:
A strong theoretical and applied knowledge of Statistical Modelling and/or Machine Learning techniques is required such as: regression, clustering, attribution (econometrics / MMM), decision trees and gradient boosting machines (random forest, XGBoost, LGBM) and significance testing
A good understanding of Python and SQL is also required including how to write modular Pythonic code, familiarity with the core Python data structures and fluency with pandas; a familiarity with unit testing would be beneficial
The ability to present the takeaways from these techniques in a clear, visual manner to support senior business partner's decision making is key to the success of our projects
Experience implementing and supporting Machine Learning systems including automating data validation, model training, model validation and model monitoring would also be very useful
We're particularly keen to hear from individuals who have a track record of delivering data science projects within commercial environments. For example, those with experience of having successfully industrialised and delivered data science solutions for large scale industry applications.
And how will we challenge you?
You'll have the opportunity to partner across our various departments to build solutions for sophisticated business problems. We're fortunate to have a continuous and exciting supply of work and lots of different data sets to work with.
You'll get exposure to a host of wider technologies and career moves by broadening your horizons and giving you opportunities to stretch yourself.
You’ll work with some of the best Data Scientists in the bank as we look to build a growing data science community. We'll provide you opportunities to share knowledge through self-starting guilds or by mentoring junior data scientists to support their career development.
What you’ll receive in return…
You’ll be offered a competitive package which includes:
Salary – dependent on location and experience,
Bonus,
A generous pension contribution; and
Flex cash to spend on a host of benefits to suit your lifestyle
As a new colleague, you’ll join us on our journey to build a 21st century bank that reflects modern Britain, and craft an inclusive culture where all colleagues feel welcomed and valued.
We're committed to building a workforce which reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve, and to building an inclusive environment where all our colleagues can be themselves and succeed on merit. We support the principles of agile working and are happy to consider flexible working arrangements. We're an equal opportunity employer and deeply value diversity within our organisation.
Together we make it possible.
At Lloyds Banking Group, we're driven by a clear purpose; to help Britain recover. Across the Group, our colleagues are focused on making a difference to customers, businesses and communities. With us you'll have a key role to play in shaping the financial services of the future, whilst the scale and reach of our Group means you'll have many opportunities to learn, grow and develop.
We're focused on creating a values-led culture and are committed to building a workforce which reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve. Together we’re building a truly inclusive workplace where all of our colleagues have the opportunity to make a real difference.