Do you want to help manage the data analysis, insights and reporting for XLM's internal brands and external client campaigns and act as the link between our internal business units (BUs) and the agency delivery team that helps keep us the #1 publisher in the sports industry?

DESCRIPTION

XLMedia is looking for a SEO Data Scientist who will be responsible for data analysis, insight and reporting for XLM’s internal brands, external client campaigns and other XLM website properties within the global portfolio when required. This is an exciting and brand-new role within the business suited to an individual who has credible experience working with data and preferably also has an SEO background.

Operating globally as a leading digital publisher across a variety of vertical marketplaces including online gambling, sports betting, personal finance, and more, XLMedia uses proprietary tools and methodologies to generate high-value users for our customers in return for performance-based payment models. We own and publish content-rich websites such as 101 Great Goals, Free Bets, Which Bingo, Saturday Down South, Saturday Tradition, SBD - Sports Betting Dime, Crossing Broad, Money Under 30, and Investor Junkie, which alongside proprietary technology and exclusive consumer data, make us one of the strongest players in the industry.

Sponsorship is not available.

Location: UK – Leeds/ Hybrid working ( 2-3 days in the office)
Reporting to: Head of SEO
Business Unit: Internal Agency
Role Type: Permanent


Areas of Responsibility & Accountability:

Lead the SEO data analysis and performance reporting for the global XLM web portfolio and various internal agency clients.
Working with the SEO team to turn data insights into actionable SEO recommendations that will improve the internal XLM portfolio and external agency clients
Support the SEO team in processes and analysis for each key area – technical, content and backlinks
Improve the efficiency of collecting complex data from various sources and turning this into insightful reports which the SEO team can use. E.g. bringing together GA, GSC, AHREFS etc and making unique data visualisations which we can use.
Own and continually evolve reporting and dashboards. Suggest new innovative ways of how we can communicate this data across the XLM portfolio.
Providing the data trends and insights to the Digital PR team to develop and bring campaigns to life
Understanding and interoperating user behaviour data to inform SEO
Be a support resource to the SEO team as and when required
Use various tool-sets: Google Data Studio, Google Analytics, Ahrefs, SEMrush, Accuranker, Sistrix Google Sheets/Excel

Experience and Qualifications Required:

Advanced knowledge of Data Studio and other alternative platforms
Highly skilled in Google Sheets/Excel
Experienced in using Google Analytics, Google Search Console
Practical knowledge of programming languages such as SQL and Python
Experience/knowledge of using BigQuery
Knowledge of using SEO tools such as AHREFS, SEMRUSH and Sistrix (preferred not essential)
Highly analytical and always thinking data first.
You will be fluent in English (written and spoken).
Ideally degree educated in any quantitative discipline Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics etc
+2 years experience of working in a role within either Data, SEO or analytics
An understanding of other digital channels paid search (SEM), paid social and display
You will be fluent in English (written and spoken).
A passion to embrace coding languages such as Python, SQL and PHP.
Evidence of working with large data sets and interpreting data to make informed decisions


XLMedia offers a great benefits package including:

A truly global business with offices in the UK, US, Canada, Israel and Cyprus.
10 % employer pension contribution
Unlimited Vacation policy
Private Healthcare
24/7 Employee Assistance Programme
Cycle To Work Scheme
Frequent work social events and a commitment to learning & development

#XLMedia #XLMediaJobs #hiring #hiringnow #UK #Leeds