At NaturalMotion, we make games that wow people. We innovate to create experiences that previously were impossible and that would not exist without us. We take pride in making titles that reach a large audience and in creating communities that last. For the past four years NaturalMotion Studios have been named as one of the Best Places to Work in the UK games industry by gamesindustry.biz.

Our Racing Studio – responsible for the CSR Racing franchise and the #1 Racing Game on Mobile CSR2 – is one of the most ambitious, successful, and creatively inclusive studios in the UK. Based across three locations – London, Birmingham and Bangalore – the team loves welcoming diverse, humble, straightforward and ambitious talent, aspiring for award-winning excellence. People who want to find a place where they will be supported and encouraged to do the best work of their career.

Hiring Update: The safety of our candidates and team members is our top priority. During the COVID-19 pandemic, our workforce transitioned to working from home, with all interviewing and onboarding being conducted virtually until further notice.

Job Purpose

As Senior Data Scientist, you will collaborate with our diverse team, work with world-class technology and content pipelines, and partner with Zynga's global analytics community. We will invest in your learning and development, and believe strong analytical partnerships fuel phenomenal games.

Our Analytics Team make a huge impact for our players. Exceptional candidates are driven by the alchemy of combining analytical/technical skills, an eye for business value, and a driving focus on delivering outstanding player experiences.

Key Roles & Responsibilities

Deliver compelling insights to influence decisions and roadmaps
Analytically tackle problems and deliver robust modelling
Communicate convincingly through visual storytelling
Design and analyse experiments that advise decisions and help us continue to service the needs of our players
Work with peers on end to end data pipelines that empower end users
Contribute to the innovative thinking culture that drives our craft
Shape and manipulate sophisticated datasets to discover opportunities for driving value for the business
Apply creative thinking towards designing, testing, verifying, and implementing solutions
Champion our games and studio, and collaborate with analytics teams across Zynga

Required Experience & Skills

BSc or BA.: Data Science, Math, Statistics, Comp Sci preferred
Confident in manipulating, transforming, and analysing complex data at large scales
Experience in SQL and Python; excited to learn new languages where needed
Familiar with prominent infrastructures: Vertica, Spark, Databricks, others: Redshift, Snowflake, etc
Comfortable building out bespoke visuals/tools using open source technology or BI tools, e.g. Tableau
Passionate about the craft, and enjoys working in a dynamic environment
Comfortable explaining sophisticated ideas clearly and simply
Strong balance of business thinking alongside analytical and technical skills
Excellent attention to detail, natural curiosity, and ability to problem-solve creatively
Good influencing skills with partners across teams
Proven track record in similar roles

Desirable Experience & Skills

Experience working in the games industry
An interest in games

What do we offer?

Competitive salary and discretionary annual bonus scheme
Contributory pension scheme
25 days holiday, plus public holidays and Christmas shutdown
Private medical care, dental and healthcare cash plan
Life insurance, critical illness insurance and income protection
6 months fully paid maternity leave or 3 months fully paid paternity leave
Discounted gym membership and free weekly (virtual) fitness classes
Annual season ticket loan and cycle to work scheme
Flexible working hours
Summer and Christmas parties

We are an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to building a diverse and talented workforce. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, colour, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds to join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with physical or mental disabilities in order to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us at accommodationRequest@zynga.com to request an accommodation associated with your application for an open position.

Zynga does not engage in financial exchanges during the recruitment or onboarding process. We do not conduct job interviews over third-party messaging apps such as Telegram, WhatsApp or others. We will never ask you for your personal or financial information over unofficial chat channels. Our in-house recruitment team only contacts individuals via official company email addresses (i.e., via a zynga.com or naturalmotion.com email domain).

If you believe you have been the victim of a scam, you may wish to contact the authorities. In the United States, you may file a complaint with the FBI. More information is available here: https://www.ic3.gov.

Careers Category: Data, Analytics & User Research

Careers location: Birmingham, UK, London, UK

Connected Worker Type: Connected