SSE has big ambitions to be a leading energy company in a low carbon world. Following our commitment to invest £12.5 billion in low carbon projects over the next 5 years, we have significant growth plans and are well on our way to achieving our ambition to build a world that's more sustainable and inclusive for you, your family, the community you live in and for generations to come.

Join us on our journey to net zero and help us power change.

About The Role

Base Location: Flexible, however our preference is that you will be based in one of our key UK or Ireland sites, which includes but is not limited to: - Glasgow, Perth, Aberdeen, Inverness, Reading, Havant, Belfast or Dublin.

Salary: up to £55k + a range of other benefits to support your family, finances and wellbeing.

Working Pattern: Permanent | Full Time | Flexible First options available

The Data Scientist’s primary focus will be to apply data mining techniques, perform statistical analysis, and build high quality predictive models. Working with stakeholders throughout SSE they will identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business solutions. They will mine and analyse data from databases to identify recommendations that will optimise business performance and champion the value proposition for data science and its purpose within SSE Procurement.

Work with stakeholders throughout SSE to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business solutions.
Mine and analyse data from databases to identify recommendations that will optimise business performance.
Use predictive modelling to forecast demand and identify potential threats.
Support and develop the SSE Procurement commodity forecasting tool.
Plan, develop and implement machine learning techniques within SSE’s IT architecture.
Support Data Governance and Data Quality initiatives.
Champion the value proposition for data science and its purpose within SSE.

What do I need?

To be considered for this role, we would love you to have:

Degree in computer science, physics, mathematics or similar, with a strong data science component.
At least 3 years’ experience working as a data scientist.
Working with common data science toolkits, such as Python, R and MatLab, to drive business growth with demonstrable positive results.
Working as part of a team using a common machine learning framework, such as AWS sagemaker and TensorFlow.
Creation or supporting the creation of a business’ A/B testing framework and the subsequent testing of the model quality.
Development and execution of processes and tools to monitor existing models’ performance and accuracy.
Data engineering experience would be useful but is not essential.

About Our Business

At SSE, we own more than 500 property assets and several thousand land assets, which are located across the length and breadth of the UK and Ireland. Our Procurement & Commercial, Property and Facilities Management teams are responsible for helping the business to procure services and materials in a timely and cost-effective way, and for ensuring SSE offers a safe, modern, fit-for-purpose property portfolio. We work right across the SSE Group, ensuring our businesses gets the best possible service and value from our supplier network, as well as ensuring all service providers are compliant and continue to meet contractual obligations and business need.

What's in it for you?

An excellent package with 34 days holiday entitlement, enhanced maternity/paternity leave, discounted healthcare, salary sacrifice car leasing and much more, view our full benefits package on our careers site.

As an equal opportunity employer we encourage diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We actively encourage applicants from all protected characteristics and commit to providing any reasonable adjustments required during the application, assessment and upon joining SSE. Search for 'Inclusion & Diversity at SSE' to find out more.

Next Steps

All applications should be submitted online, and I'll be back in touch after the vacancy closing date to let you know the outcome.

If you would like to discuss any working differently requirements or adjustments you may require throughout the recruitment and selection process, please contact Francesca.thorn@sse.com / 01738 344763

EXTERNAL: Before commencing employment with SSE, you'll be required to fully complete our pre-employment screening process consisting of a basic criminal records and credit check.

OR