About Exscientia

Exscientia is an AI-driven pharmatech company committed to discovering, designing and developing the best possible drugs in the fastest and most effective manner. Exscientia developed the first-ever functional precision oncology platform to successfully guide treatment selection and improve patient outcomes in a prospective interventional clinical study, as well as to progress AI-designed small molecules into the clinical setting. Our pipeline demonstrates our ability to rapidly translate scientific concepts into precision-designed therapeutic candidates, with more than 25 projects underway. By designing better drugs, faster, we believe the best ideas of science can rapidly become the best medicines for patients.

About This Role

We are now seeking Drug Discovery Data Scientists to help accelerate our application of AI and Machine Learning to live Drug Discovery projects. Reporting to the Chief Data Officer, this position is integral to support and build the Company’s Data Science capability as it executes the next phase of its life cycle. We are looking for Data Scientists with knowledge of Drug Discovery to work closely with drug designers and engineers to help provide the predictive capabilities that underpin our drug design platform.

You Will Have The Opportunity To:
Apply your machine learning skills and creativity with diverse discovery data to a range of applied drug discovery challenges, including prediction of bioactivity, ADME, toxicity and pharmacokinetic properties.
Use your analytical and data science skills to monitor, maintain and improve our large-scale machine learning platform.
Work closely with drug designers to understand and address project challenges.
Work closely with engineering and MLOps teams to continuously improve our ability to deliver models and algorithms to project teams.
Work with colleagues to wrangle heterogeneous raw data and devise pipelines that generate clean data suitable for downstream ML and analytics.

Requirements
PhD or equivalent experience in cheminformatics, machine learning, computational chemistry or related quantitative data science field.
Knowledge of modern drug discovery technologies and enthusiasm to apply algorithm-derived compound designs.
A passion for data science and the use of data to make good decisions.
Proficiency in using Python or R to wrangle complex, large-scale chemistry/ pharmacology data sets.
Experience in developing Machine Learning or Deep Learning models, methods or algorithms.
Strong presentation and interpersonal skills with the ability to work in a multi-discipline squad and present insights and analysis to stakeholders.

Desirable Skills:
Domain knowledge in medicinal chemistry as applied to contemporary drug discovery.
Experience in modern data pipelining / DataOps approaches.
Knowledge of multi-task learning, ensemble learning, federated learning or meta-learning.

Benefits
Work together to make a positive contribution to patients by revolutionising the pharmaceutical industry through AI-driven discovery.
We will work with you to kick-start or further grow your career – from funding for professional development and conference attendance. To also ensuring you will have the opportunity to acquire valuable skills, work on problems that matter, and learn from world-class technical and scientific leaders.
Opportunity to join an inclusive, collaborative and intellectually stimulating culture
We will work with you to provide a highly competitive compensation as we continue to grow and thrive.
Our teams health and well-being is important to us which is why we provide private healthcare, life assurance, wellbeing and mindfulness support.
We offer a generous holiday allowance, provide flexible working and remote working to encourage all of our team to manage their own work, time and life.
When you are in the office, you will have access to a kitchen stocked with an endless supply of food for all employees along with plenty of break out areas so you can get to know the people you are working with. Some of the best ideas start with a coffee break!
Hear from our team why they enjoy working here Click here