Come and join the Data Science and Analytics function at Exertis where you’ll be part of an exciting FTSE100 technology business operating in an FMCG and B2B environment partnering with household-name brands and customers.

Working for the Head of Data Science and Analytics in a newly created team you’ll be a key part of our business transformation project helping to steer the business to data-based decision making and performance management. The project is moving at pace with a culture of constant testing and learning so you’ll be able to see the impact of your work and how it helps to shape our go to market proposition.

The role is based remotely with an expectation to spend 1-2 days a week in our Basingstoke office depending on the requirements of the projects you’ll be working on.

What you’ll be doing
Understanding business problems and designing end to end analytics models to provide insightful information to relevant stakeholders.
As the engine room of our transformation you’ll be working with stakeholders across user journeys including, but not limited to, pricing, sales effectiveness, customer engagement, customer retention, inventory management etc.
Building performance management tools based on delivery use cases and expected return, helping to steer the business from lagging to leading measures of success.
Develop analytics knowledge bank to quickly replicate and scale solutions across different parts of the business.
Bring new ideas or use cases by understanding the strategic needs of each business unit.
Participating in ad-hoc analysis as and when required.
About You
You’ll have 2+ years experience working in a statistical/data science role preferably with experience working with product, sales and pricing data and stakeholders. Familiar working with large datasets, simulation/optimisation and distributed computing tools, with SAP experience desirable.
You’ll have either an MSc or BSc degree from a quantitative field such as Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or Finance. Language proficient in Python with experience of PowerBI and/or Qlik, and knowledge of machine learning, data management and SQL.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills along with a desire to work in cross functional teams in a fun, fast-paced environment and a passion for learning and delivering results.
What’s in it for you
It’s important to us that our people love what they do and in turn we put together a competitive benefits package. We’ll give you:
Study support where applicable
25 days holiday from start increasing up to a maximum of 27 days with length of service
Access to a Cash plan provided by Healthshield
Income protection scheme (including access to a wellness early intervention scheme)
Access to cycle to work scheme
Employee assistance programme
Death in service
Holiday purchase scheme
Loyalty award at key service milestones
Enhanced, Maternity, Shared Parental, Paternity and Adoption pay
We value diversity and inclusion and champion a culture where everyone feels valued, included and celebrated. We’re open to conversations about flexible working. If it’s right for our customers, our business and for you then we’ll do what we can to support it.