Data Scientist
OMOP, Real-World Solutions (RWS) Technology

The candidate would join a high profile and talented team, and act as data scientist for generating studies for various IQVIA RWS customers. The activities require skills in:

Ad-hoc script writing in R and SQL, potentially Python and Spark
R package generation,
R visualization
Development and implementation of solutions for retrospective research studies, statistical methods, NLP and text mining application
Scalable data manipulation: Extraction and transformation
SQL query generation and management in various flavors: Oracle, SQL Server, Redshift, Hadoop

The candidate would work directly with the OMOP Productised Analytics team's mission it to deliver world class and globally scalable studies:

Simple studies, executed as rapid queries, to assess study feasibility and availability of data
Medium complex studies, characterizing the composition of a population: Their demographic structure, the distribution of their comorbidities, the duration between diagnosis and intervention, etc.
Complex studies, estimating the association between clinical interventions and their outcomes – benefits and adverse events.
Predictive models for determination of populations (phenotypes) or outcomes (patient-level predictions)

Our ideal candidate will have:

Masters or higher education with at least three years of experience in writing analyzing healthcare data
Experience in manipulating and querying data at scale
Good grasp of classical statistical methods, such as fitting regression models, inference testing and sampling.
Strong programming skills in languages such as R, SQL, potentially python and data visualization
Exposure to epidemiology / biostatistics, particularly analytical issues relating to studies of treatment effectiveness, disease progression, adherence, healthcare utilization,
Good knowledge of healthcare / life science issues involving Real-World Evidence or experience with patient-level, longitudinal data.
A proactive, innovative and pragmatic approach to problem solving and an ability to think critically and independently.
Flexible and adaptable in a client focused, results driven environment.
Ability to manage team members effectively on or off-shore

The Team

IQVIA™ has adopted OMOP/OHDSI as a systematic and standardized approach to RWE. Data are converted into the OMOP Common Data Model, making queries and analytics interoperable and sharable. In addition, the generation of these queries and tools and its execution can be separated, both physically as well as logically, creating the opportunity to develop code for purposes of descriptive statistics or hypothesis testing in the absence of a direct data access to all data assets being targeted. As a consequence, the generation of insights becomes an industrialized process, including the characterization of data and the generation of insights.

This requires global leadership across technical and data architecture, data manipulation, analytics script and report generation, software development and data visualization. The solutions are delivered to a variety of clients across life-science, government, payer or provider organizations. The team also curates the largest collection de-identified Real-World Data in the world in OMOP Common Data Model, from different patient care settings in 18 countries worldwide, making it the forefront of “Big Data” in healthcare.

Those who join us become part of a recognized global leader still willing to challenge the status quo to improve patient care. In RWS, you will have access to the most cutting-edge technology, the largest data sets, the best analytics tools and, in our opinion, some of the finest minds in the Healthcare industry.

We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for interview will be contacted.

IQVIA is a strong advocate of diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We believe that a work environment that embraces diversity will give us a competitive advantage in the global marketplace and enhance our success. We believe that an inclusive and respectful workplace culture fosters a sense of belonging among our employees, builds a stronger team, and allows individual employees the opportunity to maximize their personal potential.