About Mishcon de Reya:

Mishcon de Reya is an independent law firm, which now employs more than 1000 people with over 600 lawyers offering a wide range of legal services to companies and individuals. The firm has grown rapidly in the past decade, with more than 25% revenue growth in the past five years alone.

With presence in London, Singapore and Hong Kong (through its association with Karas LLP), the firm services an international community of clients and provides advice in situations where the constraints of geography often do not apply. The work undertaken is cross-border, multi-jurisdictional and complex, spanning six core practice areas: Corporate; Dispute Resolution; Employment; Innovation; Private; and Real Estate.

The Mishcon de Reya Group consists of consultancy businesses MDR Brand Management, MDR Cyber, MDR Discover, MDR Mayfair, MDR Lab and MDRxTech . I n 2021 the Group announced a strategic combination with Taylor Vinters, a leading legal and consultancy business in the innovation economy.

MDRxTECH

As the technology consulting and engineering arm of The MDR Group, MDRxTECH (MXT) is a central pillar of the Firm's 10 Year Vision, which states its ambition to transition to " a broad based professional consultancy ".

MDRxTECH leverages expertise from across The MDR Group, specialising in digital transformation and innovation projects that involve legal complexity. The team includes consultants, software engineers and data scientists who work to deliver value and insights for their ambitious and innovative clients.

The Role

You will work as a Data Science SME and have the experience to advise and deliver on complex consulting projects, specifically where they require Natural Language Processing or Machine Learning solutions or input. You will be able to critically assess a client's options, assess the technical feasibility of suggested approaches, and present your findings to the project team and clients before working to ensure the solution is delivered to a high standard.

You will be building on an existing track record of high-quality research and/or delivery in the AI field and you have proven ability implementing high quality AI solutions.

You will work in teams with software engineers, business analysts and project managers and you will have the ability to context switch between projects.

Responsibilities/Duties

Duties will include, but are not limited to:


Working in a team to develop prototypes and minimum viable products to meet client's needs. This could include writing custom scripts, reviewing technical data processing and analysing how tasks can be automated - each project is unique and could vary between days and months in length
Processing and analysing large volumes of data for client projects to discover patterns, opportunities and develop and apply market leading NLP and ML algorithms.
The maintenance, evaluation and iteration of existing analytics systems.

Skills/Attributes


Detail-orientated with solid analytical and problem-solving skills. ?
Willingness to learn new technologies, techniques and information.
Solution-focused and pragmatic.
Personable and confident, able to build relationships with clients and colleagues.
Pro-active and able to take initiative, being will and able to manage workload independently.

Skills/Experience


Experience implementing Natural Language Processing solutions
Experience implementing Machine Learning solutions
Experience of data storage and analysis technologies including SQL.
An understanding of Elasticsearch, Logstash and graph databases such as Neo4j and Raphtory is desirable.
Experience of Amazon Web Services and other Cloud infrastructure providers, Docker and container technologies is desirable. Experience of Amazon Sagemaker is desirable.

Please note that this job profile is not an exhaustive list of duties but merely an outline of the key components of the role. You may be required by your line manager to take on additional responsibilities when requested.

We strive to create a fully diverse and inclusive workplace where all our people are empowered to fulfil their potential. We are proud of our agile working culture and are always happy to talk flexible working.