Robert Half Technology has been selected to recruit an Interim Data Scientist to support a start-up data analytics business who specialises in providing data insights to ecosystem businesses. You will play an integral role in providing strategic recommendations grounded in data analysis and statistical models.

Key Responsibilities Of The Data Scientist

The primary goal for the data scientist will be to extract unstructured data, build integration's and create a prototype database for the client to use. Other responsibilities include:

You will develop and publish reporting and analytics, testing hypotheses and provide user-friendly outputs
Design reporting to provide insight into customer segments, campaign effectiveness, business initiatives, and the relationships
You'll Participate in various business improvement activities and deep-dive initiatives adding insight where predictive analytics are required to forecast impact and/or results
You will execute different data analytics to ensure the completeness, quality, and consistency of data used for analytics across systems.
Test sensitivity/impact of current and proposed business initiatives on various customer segments.

Key Skills And Experience For The Role

You will have worked with unstructured data previously as well as graph databases
You must have experience working with NEO4J graph database management systems
MongoDB database program experience is also ideal
You will need to be a self-starter, having the ability to manage your working day
Have strong statistical, mathematical, predictive modelling, or machine learning skills.
You'll be degree qualifies in quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, information systems, computer science however this isn't essential

Package & Benefits

This role is paying a day rate of £500 Outside IR35
You'll have exposure to a start-up environment
This is a remote role, giving you autonomy to manage your workflow

Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. Rates of pay and salary ranges are dependent upon your experience, qualifications and training. If you wish to apply, please read our Privacy Notice describing how we may process, disclose and store your personal data: roberthalf.co.uk/legal-information/privacy-notice.