Faculty is one of Europe’s leading applied artificial intelligence companies. We build, deploy and operate AI solutions to increase our customers’ performance and help them realise their full potential. We believe that AI should be trustworthy, impactful and beneficial across society. Those principles have shaped our work with more than 230 organisations across the public and private sectors as we help them use AI to understand more deeply, make better decisions and act faster.

What you’ll be doing:

As a data scientist specialising in bioinformatics, your role will involve helping customers in the life sciences sector solve their problems using data science; this can mean applying a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data analysis to designing and implementing bespoke machine learning algorithms or statistical modelling approaches.

Your contribution won't be limited to your technical skills. You will have the opportunity to help plan and shape Faculty’s growing body of work in the life sciences sector. Using practical and business sense, you will help our excellent commercial team build lasting relationships with our life science customers.

As we are a growing business, we need people who take initiative. You will take on more responsibility from day one than you would expect in comparable roles elsewhere, whilst in turn benefitting from the support and mentorship of our more seasoned team members. Data scientists at Faculty take pride in:
Solving problems with the best data-science techniques and the scientific method.
Communicating technical content at the right level both internally and to customers.
Fostering a collaborative work environment, sharing knowledge, and bringing the best out of everyone in the team.
Seeking out innovative ways to help Faculty grow, for example, by developing shared technical and non-technical resources.

Who we are looking for:
Advanced degree in Bioinformatics/Computational Biology (MSc/PhD), equivalent industry experience or a combination of the two.
Experience working with genomic, transcriptomic, proteomic, metabolomics, or multi-omic data as evidenced by research or professional work.
Programming experience as evidenced by earlier work in data science, academic research or software engineering. Although your programming language of choice (e.g. Python, R, MATLAB or C) is not important, we do require the ability to become a fluent Python programmer in a short timeframe.
A good aptitude for and understanding of applied statistics and statistical testing.
Ability to think creatively to solve a wide range of problems not only in the domain of bioinformatics, but also more broadly across healthcare and life sciences.
An appreciation for the scientific method as applied to the commercial world; the ability to turn client requests into problems that can be solved using data science; resourcefulness in overcoming difficulties through creativity, commitment and collaboration; and an inquisitive and questioning mindset in evaluating the performance and impact of solutions upon implementation.
An interest in working alongside our customers and to learn about the commercial aspects of the job.
Effective verbal and written communication - you should be comfortable with presenting your work in front of customers.
The ability to follow a project plan and stick to deadlines, as well as proactively solve problems that emerge.

The following would be a bonus, but are by no means required:
Familiarity with the use of powerful computational and statistical techniques to provide answers to important biological questions as evidenced by experience with distributed computing or GPU programming.
Experience working in one of the following (or similar) fields: Next Generation Sequencing analysis pipelines, genome-wide association studies, gene enrichment and functional annotation analysis, protein engineering, computational immunology, drug discovery.
Familiarity with important open bioinformatics databases (eg. UniProt, Kegg, Reactome)
Good understanding of pharmacology and the emerging importance of immunotherapies in the industry as evidenced by research or professional work.
Experience working with clinical data, especially novel data types such as wearable sensors.
Prior commercial experience, particularly if this involved customer-facing work or project management.
Research experience (PhD or Postdoc) as evidenced by academic publications and conference talks.

What we can offer you:

The Faculty team is diverse and distinctive, and we all come from different personal, professional and organisational backgrounds. We all have one thing in common: we are driven by a deep intellectual curiosity that powers us forward each day. This curiosity pushes us to seek truth and understanding in everything we do, to execute work in a nimble and pragmatic manner, to foster talent in one another and always to challenge assumptions.

Faculty is the professional challenge of a lifetime. You’ll be surrounded by an impressive group of brilliant minds working to advance our goal of making artificial intelligence real. Our consultants, product developers, business development specialists, operations professionals and more all bring something unique to Faculty, and you’ll learn something new from everyone you meet. You’ll also have the opportunity to make your mark on a high-growth start-up now poised to expand internationally.

Fostering talent is one of our core values, it’s built into our culture and what we offer. An incredible, unique learning and development system: Faculty was founded by people who are passionate about continuous learning, and adding value to our people. Genuinely flexible working: We believe people have needs, responsibilities and interests that require something different to a strict working day. We trust people to organise and take accountability for their own work and do our best to support their lives outside Faculty. Equity, we want you to benefit from Faculty’s growth and success. Unlimited holidays: We encourage each other to use this time to take a break, work on personal projects, or to spend time with their friends and family. Fantastic private health, optical and dental cover, including 24/7 unlimited virtual private GP appointments. Breakfast and more fruit, drinks and snacks than you could ever eat (for office-based employees). Did we mention Yoga? You’ll make friends and professional connections that will last a lifetime. We work hard and make sure we enjoy what we do. So we have frequent socials and informal get-togethers to help make sure you enjoy your time with us.