Do you want to work in a deeply agile and fast paced team, that ensures everyone has a voice and encourages team members to contribute? Do you want to be a part of a company that are unmatched with their wireless network frequency and scale, regionally, nationally and globally? If YES, then this is role for you!

You will be working with the industry's three most disruptive players in telecommunications and performance measurements, Opensignal, Tutela and Comlinkdata, we are now part of the same company. We have come together to create data and analytics solutions that will enable communications providers to constantly optimize both their network and market performance, advancing connectivity for all.

Our solutions are already creating extraordinary outcomes for many top communications brands around the world, creating even more exciting opportunities as we bring them together in the future!

We're looking for an Technical Researcher/ Data Scientist to join the Emerging Business Team at Opensignal. You'll be at the forefront of evaluating the various models for data collection that currently exist and you will also get to dive into new data sets to understand if they could benefit our business and ultimately drive improvements in connectivity. You'll work with our business development team to identify strategic industry partnerships, assess the data unlocked from these partnerships, and support the innovation of new technologies for data capture.

What we'll need from you:


you'll be skilled at summarising and presenting analysis at various levels of technical detail.
Proficiency with SQL and experience with any of R, Matlab or Pandas.
Knowledge of the mobile ecosystem - with emphasis on third party SDK distribution.

What you'll get from us:


You'll be joining a collaborative friendly team who genuinely wants you to do well and succeed if you show the right attitude and determination
We promote from within, all senior leadership team have started within the business, we want you to organically grow within the business and have clear and achievable goals in place for you to get there
A generous learning and development program in which you can do additional courses, to improve and grow, and we provide a $3,500 budget per annum.
Complete flexibility and autonomy, you can be remote-based or work on a hybrid model, whichever suits you best and we also offer the opportunity to work anywhere for up to 30 days of the year
At OpenSignal our employee's health is very important to us, with this in mind we cover 100% of your insurance premium for not only you but also your family members!
A business in stealth mode with offices in London, Boston and Victoria (Canada) and representing 25 nationalities