Data Scientist – Compliance Data Strategy & Innovation

London

As a Barclays Data Scientist Manager, you will support a new Compliance Data & Analytics Centre of Excellence and drive continuous improvement activities across Compliance with a focus on data analysis and insights. This is an exciting opportunity to work closely with the Director Compliance Data Strategy and Innovation, and report on the progress of the Data & Analytics strategy. You will collaborate with key partners such as Technology, Quant (Risk) and Chief Data Office.

Barclays is one of the world's largest and most respected financial institutions, with 329 years of success, quality and innovation behind us. We offer careers that provide endless opportunity – helping millions of individuals and businesses thrive, and creating financial and digital solutions that the world now takes for granted.

We are currently operating in a hybrid working environment, meaning that many colleagues spend part of their working hours at home and part in the office, depending on the nature of the role they are in. Please discuss the detail of the working pattern options for the role with the hiring manager.

What will you be doing?

Playing an active role in delivery of the Compliance Data & Analytics & innovation strategy, leading and executing against agreed deliverables
Acting as the Compliance representative for enterprise-wide regulatory and industry consultations relating to data topics (e.g. Artificial Intelligence, Data Privacy etc)
Leading the rollout and embedment of Data & Analytics techniques across the Compliance function
Supporting colleagues within Compliance, with training programme from the expert to the wider Compliance organisation
Implementing and maintaining an effective Compliance Data & Analytics operating model to support the effective risk management and oversight of Conduct and Reputational risks
Being accountable to other Compliance Management Team members when leading on initiatives in their areas of responsibility
Bringing an understanding of technologies used in banking and role-model intellectual curiosity and continuous learning related to emerging technology

What We’re Looking For

Relevant professional qualification(s) or Postgraduate Degree
Experience in data sourcing to understand available data sets, define regular data extracts to facilitate manipulation/analysis within the appropriate tooling
Understanding of computer languages (e.g. Python, R, SAS or similar) for data analysis
Experience to oversee, drive and track project deliverables from initiation through to completion, including accountability for escalation of risks to stakeholders

Skills That Will Help You In The Role

Ability to work in a regulatory oversight role (e.g. compliance, risk, controls, audit) in the retail or investment banking sector with a focus on consumer and client conduct risk
Experience in data-driven storytelling - proven ability to explain data analysis, insights and capabilities to audiences with differing technical backgrounds
Understanding of critical regulation and guidance covering conduct risk in the context of personal data and technologies (e.g. GDPR (EU), Regulation B (US), CONC (UK), etc)
Ability to provide great people leadership, performance management and talent development

Where will you be working?

In the heart of Canary Wharf, our headquarters at Churchill Place boasts onsite amenities such as; a gym, staff restaurant and deli bar, and is easily accessible by tube and bus links. With a population of around 5000 staff the atmosphere is second to none with a real buzz being created around the offices within.

#LI - Hybrid

#LW2020