Company Description

Hello, we're UW

We’re a bunch of great people working together, solving problems and having fun. Together, we strive to find solutions to help the great people around us get on with the things that really matter in life.

How? It’s simple, we take the headache out of essential home services by providing them all in one place – energy, broadband, mobile, and even insurance. That’s one provider, one account, one bill, and lots of savings.

We’re a truly unique FTSE 250 company with a business model that has a real social impact at the heart of it. Being a part of the UW community, you’ll join a working environment like no other - one where everyone matters - be it our customers, our partners or you, our people.

About The Role

Job Description

We are looking for an experienced and inquisitive full-stack Data Scientist Lead who feels comfortable working on a diverse range of projects. Our Data Scientists collaborate with domain experts and work with brilliant Data Engineers at every level of the organisation. We have a large range of diverse data with opportunities for insight at every corner. As the UK's only multiservice utility provider we have a unique business model which means that we face exciting challenges which require novel and creative solutions. Our Data Scientists at Utility Warehouse are expected to play a leading role and to enjoy solving unique complex data challenges and business problems. We are developing a diverse team of talents who each bring their different strengths and approaches to our working community.

What We Are Working On

Our mission with data is to create value and impact for Utility Warehouse through scaling AI and automation across our organisation. For example, we are exploring our ability to drive product growth through machine learning, understanding our customers’ needs and improving customer interactions with UW using natural language processing. We are also using machine learning models in our partners app to help equip our partners with the information they need to expand our customer base. Our exciting AI and machine learning journey is under way and we are looking for motivated individuals to join us.

What You'll Do
Work on complex and extremely varied data sets across energy, telecoms and insurance to solve real world problems e.g.:
Develop data science products and solutions, such as predictive machine learning models to help with customer acquisition and retention, or call transcription and NLP, to help identify and tackle customer issues
Investigate causal relationships to quantify how operational and commercial interventions affect the overall business
Optimise our pricing strategy and product journeys
Write highly optimised code to support Data Engineering and Machine Learning Engineering with product development
Work in a multi-disciplinary environment with specialists in machine learning,
engineering and design
Mentor and help other data scientists grow their knowledge and skills
Work with the leadership team and stakeholders to understand business problems and produce state of the art data science solutions
Explore both internal and external data sources to identify new opportunities for innovation that deliver data-centric business insights and support key business decisions
About You

Qualifications
Outstanding academic record in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Applied
Statistics, Mathematics; Masters and PhD are beneficial
5+ years of experience in applying data science methods to business problems
Demonstrated leadership skills (e.g. managed project teams) and a willingness to teach others and stay up-to-date with latest developments in the field
Stakeholder management skills across a range of teams and levels
Programming experience in Python and SQL (or R/Julia) and a good understanding of computer science basics
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to explain complex analytical concepts to non-technical and business colleagues (e.g. explain how certain algorithms work, the associated cost and how to optimise them)
Working experience with Version Control (Git, Github, GitLab)
Experience with Cloud (GCP, AWS, Azure)
Knowledge of causal inference (nice to have)
Don’t worry if you don’t have the whole list. If you feel you have most of it and can learn the rest pretty quickly then please don’t hesitate to apply. Overall we are looking for imaginative and pragmatic problem-solvers who want to help make a positive impact with data at UW.

What's In It For You

Additional Information

Join a high growth FTSE 250 business and help us achieve our ambitions whilst learning and having fun. Become part of a fantastic business culture where people really are at the heart of everything we do.
Huge opportunities for exposure & development as we scale up
A competitive salary
25 days holiday plus Bank Holidays
Life Insurance up to 4 x your salary
Discounted healthcare and medical cash plans including a free Virtual GP service
Private pension scheme
Share options and Save As You Earn Scheme
A range of Health & Wellbeing benefits including a confidential Employee Assistance Programme, Virtual fitness classes and wellness tools
Discounts on UW products & services
We provide equal opportunities, a diverse and inclusive work environment, and fairness for everyone. You are welcome to apply no matter your age, disability, gender, marriage or civil partnership status, pregnancy and maternity status, race, religion or belief, or sexual orientation.

Please note, if you are applying for a role which involves having access to personal data, you will be subject to a background check. Where checks are unsatisfactory or incomplete and/or a failure to reveal information relating to convictions that you are required to identify as part of the background checks, could lead to withdrawal of an offer of employment.