How will your role contribute at NewDay?

NewDay has a fresh approach to financial services – we’re seeking to be a different kind of company, with a dedicated objective: to help people move forward with credit. As part of a successful Data Science team you will change the way our business works. We have built a production Data Science capability, experienced at bringing ideas from research to production; that means you will spend more of your time doing what matters! You will utilise the latest Machine Learning techniques to scale our customer understanding and affect a material impact through a culture of experimentation and continuous improvement.

What will you be doing day-to-day?

Build machine learning models and processes that have an impact!
Shape the direction of Data Science solutions and mentor more junior associates
Develop innovative solutions with techniques such as: supervised learning, causal inference, bayesian modelling, natural language processing or graph theory
Work with engineers (on the same team) to get your solution deployed to customers
Understand the problems customers face and drive positive outcomes
Discover new features and datasets that progress your understanding of the problem space
Share your findings with the team and the broader business
Researching the latest trends in Artificial Intelligence, for example: Attention models, Causal Inference, Transfer/Active/Reinforcement Learning
Your Skills and Experience

Essential

Masters or PhD in quantitative subject area, such as: Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or another suitably numerate subject area
Excellent knowledge of statistical machine learning theory
Deep, practical experience with Machine Learning lifecycle
Python programming experience with reasonable exposure to industrial Software Engineering tools and concepts like: source control management, testing and code review
Agile Data Science delivery experience including: research collaboration, stakeholder management and iterative project decomposition
Desirable

Deep Learning experience using frameworks such as Tensorflow or PyTorch
Research or further study into Transformer models
NLP Research Contribution
Your Personal Attributes

You are a relentlessly positive person; you see opportunities not issues
Naturally curious
Self-starter who can resolve ambiguity and plot a path forward
Self-reflective, with the drive to continuously find opportunities for improvement
Superb communicator who can flex your style according to the needs of the audience
Good attention to detail
Able to empathise with team-members and business partners
Inclusion at NewDay

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We want all of our colleagues to feel able to bring their whole selves to work. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable adjustments to participate in the application and interview process.