Kantar, backed by Bain Capital, is the world’s leading data, insights, and consulting company. We understand more about how people think, feel, shop, share, vote and view than anyone else. Combining our expertise in human understanding with advanced technologies, Kantar’s 25,000 people help the world’s leading organisations succeed and grow.

ROLE OVERVIEW

This is an exciting opportunity to join our Qmee team (part of Kantar Group), an online rewards and market research company with millions of users worldwide. Ranked 11th in the Sunday Times Tech Track 100 2020, we are also listed in the Deloitte Fast 50 2020/21. Qmee uses the latest machine learning and statistical methods to offer our users the best experience possible.

We are looking for a Data Scientist who will work with a team of expert Data Scientists/Engineers/Analysts and a team of very experienced and talented developers. You will maintain and challenge existing fraud detection systems and create new statistical/machine learning models to tackle business needs.


What you’ll do:

Maintain and challenge existing fraud detection model suite
Transform business requirements into data science solutions
Maintain existing data science training and deployment pipelines
Work with Data Engineers to source data required for training and model prediction
Take machine learning models to production


What you’ll bring:

Some data science or data engineering experience
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques
Critical thinker with independent and logical problem-solving skills
Experience evaluating model accuracy
Proficiency in Python, R or equivalent
Strong SQL skills
Deploying ML models to production
(Desirable) Experience with AWS Data Science tools (Sagemaker, s3, Lambda, EMR)
(Desirable) CI/CD experience
(Desirable) Docker, or similar containerization

JOIN US

At Kantar we have an integrated way of rewarding our people based around a simple, clear and consistent set of principles. Our approach helps to ensure we are market competitive and also to support a pay for performance culture, where your reward and career progression opportunities are linked to what you deliver.

We go beyond the obvious, using intelligence, passion and creativity to inspire new thinking and shape the world we live in. Apply for a career that’s out of the ordinary and join us.

At Kantar, the diversity of our employees provides a richer environment for our employees and broader depth and breadth of thinking for our clients. Kantar is committed to inclusion and diversity, therefore we welcome applications from all sections of society and do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, religion, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, marital status or any other legally protected characteristics