Are you an innovative data scientist with experience in performing statistical data analysis and interest in smart farming technologies? Do you want to join our growing team of scientists focused on developing innovative solutions to mitigate enteric methane emissions and fight antimicrobial resistance in livestock to generate healthy, safe and sustainable protein for human nutrition?

Then join MOOTRAL - a British-Swiss AgriTech company tackling two of the biggest crises of the world: climate change and antimicrobial resistance (AMR). Our first two solutions focus on reducing methane emissions from ruminants and eliminating the use of antibiotics in monogastric livestock.

Our growing herd of changemakers in the UK, Switzerland, Germany and many other parts of the World is constantly working on bringing new ideas and innovative technologies to market and turning conventional thinking on its head.

We don’t just love what we do, we believe in it too. We are driven by an honest desire to bring about change by creating a MoOvement - it’s as simple as that!

A MoOvement that makes life better for animals, farmers, consumers and businesses – while protecting the planet too.

Ready to make a change in this world? Join us as our new Data Scientist.

Responsibilities:

As Mootral’s Data Scientist you will:

Independently perform statistical analysis, meta-analyses, computer programming, predictive modeling, and experimental design of all animal trials to support product development, global validation and deployment
Use advanced mathematical models, machine learning models, and operations research techniques to predict, forecast, and optimize product and animal responses.
Explore the use of smart farming technologies with specific focus on enteric methane emissions measurement on research and commercial farms
Use new technologies in the livestock industry to support traceability of product application and tracking performance on farm to support the business needs and serve farmers with different digitalization levels
Develop accurate, and impactful reporting on model inputs, model outputs, observed outputs, business impact, and key performance indicators
Be the expert in Data Science to support, train and develop our animal scientists team
Collaborate with the Animal Science Team, the PMO and other internal stakeholders

Essential Requirements:

BSc in Analytics, Computer Science, Statistics, or related field
2+ years of experience with advanced analytics and data preparation
Strong statistical skills, including an understanding of relevant areas such as: experimental design, mixed models, generalized linear models, meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Profound knowledge in predictive modeling, machine learning algorithms and concepts
Excellent knowledge of open-source data science and statistics packages such as R, Python, or other statistical and/or mathematical programming packages
Critical thinking and problem-solving
Project management and portfolio management skills
Ability to manage multiple projects and tasks simultaneously under deadline, and thrive in a high energy, fast-paced environment
Highly motivated and a team player that can collaborate with different teams internally

Desirable Requirements:

MSc in Analytics, Computer Science, Statistics, or related field
Experience with statistical design and analysis of animal trials or related life sciences
Affinity with the livestock sector generating high value, sustainable and affordable protein for human nutrition

Benefits (UK):

Competitive remuneration
Company pension: 5% employer / 3% employee
26 days holiday + 8 bank holiday
A great team with many opportunities for career and personal development
Mootral operates a flexible hybrid-working model, with a great deal of autonomy

The Data Scientist will be based in the UK, ideally close to our R&D facility in Abertillery.