At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work - and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.

Your Opportunity to Define Possible. Our Opportunity to Deliver the Nation's Security. Together.

Salary: £46,000 - £66,000

Role clearance type: UK-Developed Vetting (DV) / UK-Security Cleared (SC). Clearance not required to start.

Location: Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, United Kingdom / Manchester, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom

About Your Opportunity

Northrop Grumman UK (NG UK) is a growing British business, with over 5,000 employees based in the UK, wholeheartedly committed to supporting the defence and national security of the United Kingdom and its allies. NG UK is a part of the Northrop Grumman group, but operates as its own UK based business. Opportunities to collaborate with the wider group exist, but have to be compliant with UK and international trade laws.

We are an industry leader in solutions that harness the latest in data science, machine learning and secure cloud transformation technology, delivered at pace and scale.

As a British business we are committed to generating long-term prosperity and social value in the UK, investing in advanced R&D, sovereign IP and exportable solutions driving the creation of high-quality jobs.

A Data Scientist at NGUK can expect to work across any of the domains that we operate in: cyber security, communications & remote sensors.

Your Benefits
Flexible working schedules - we offer flexible and hybrid working arrangements. Talk to us at the application stage about any scheduling preferences you may have.
Flexible Benefits Package - choose which NGUKL benefits you want to satisfy your personal needs. Core Benefits provided for you are Healthcare, Dental, Life Assurance and Pension. Benefits you can flex include Critical Illness Cover, Health Cash Plan, and Health Assessments.
Employee Incentive Programme - exceptional performance is recognised through our annual incentive programme which is awarded to top performers who excel
Career Development - opportunity for ongoing professional development and career growth opportunities
At NG we appreciate that careers are non-linear, therefore we have no fixed minimum skillset requirements and all candidates will be judged on their own merits. The only fixed requirements are a strong (demonstrable) numeric background, ability to work in a team and an inquisitive mind-set.

Some Desirable Skills Include
Coding skills (preferably in a language that is commonly used for Data Science/modelling: Python/R/SAS etc.)
Experience of Data modelling
Experience of applying data science solutions in the real world
Domain knowledge in: Radio Frequency, Cyber Security, Image/Video Modelling, working with sensors, Natural Language, Maths, Physics, Chemistry, Engineering or Behavioural Sciences
NG UK have no requirement for more senior staff to do line management, however in order to be considered for the Lead role, candidates must have either:
Experience of Line managing a team and good depth of knowledge/technical skills in 1 area or a broad depth of knowledge in multiple areas
Very strong knowledge/technical skills in one or more areas
All Senior and Lead staff, regardless of line management duties, are required to help guide and teach more junior staff.

Your Future Team

You will be joining a large, friendly team of data scientists, performing a range of tasks from developing completely novel analytics systems, designing experiments to apply existing systems into new domains or providing thought leadership to apply data science techniques while embedded within delivery teams.

We believe that creating a team that values diversity and fosters inclusion is essential to great performance. We know the best ideas come from diversity of thought, background, perspective, culture, gender, race, age and many other elements. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and particularly from communities currently under-represented within our industry . We treat everyone with respect and foster safe and inclusive environments.

Our goal is to continually support and nurture the large number of Northrop Grumman employees whose backgrounds, characteristics and perspectives are as diverse as the global communities in which we reside.

In order to do this we run employee resource groups (ERGs) to promote understanding and support in areas such as NDNG (Neurodiversity), NGWIN (Women in NG), GreenNG, REACH (race, ethnicity and cultural heritage), PrIDA (Pride in diversity alliance) as well as other initiatives. If these do not cover an area that is relevant to you, then employees are encouraged to start their own. For more information on our ERGs check out the page here: Diversity Equity and Inclusion in the UK - Northrop Grumman

About Our Responsibilities

Our customers operate in unique environments which offer new and exciting challenges every day, cultivating a place where you can learn and thrive, working alongside the best minds in industry. We'll give you space to develop your career, where your ideas can shape the future of our dynamic business.

We promote collaboration to achieve more than we could imagine, together. And w ithin a respectful and inspirational environment, we value what you say and do.

How To Apply

Interested in our opportunity?

Yes - then simply submit your application online. Your application will be reviewed by one of our expert recruiters who'll then respond advising you of the outcome and next steps for successful candidates.

Possibly, I'd like to find out more - then connect direct with claire.new@euro.ngc.com , our recruitment business partner who will be happy to support you with any enquires.

Background checks and potentially security clearance form part of the recruitment process, our team will inform you of the procedures when required.

Northrop Grumman UK

Work with a global brand that makes a real contribution to our nation's security and future. At Northrop Grumman UK, the brightest minds come together to push the boundaries and Define Possible. As leaders in the digital transformation of Aerospace, Defence and Intelligence we are providing ground-breaking outcomes for our customers.

Find out more: https://www.northropgrumman.com/careers/job-search-united-kingdom/

"

Northrop Grumman is committed to equality and diversity in our workplace. Northrop Grumman provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to an individual's protected status, including race/ethnic origin, color, nationality, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, marriage/civil partnership, pregnancy/maternity, religion or belief, creed, age, disability, genetic information, or any other protected status or characteristic.