Key Objectives

This position will bring advanced knowledge and expertise in modeling methodologies, dataset generation and transformation, statistical programming and analysis to Chubb. Opportunities will exist to work in a dynamic environment on a broad spectrum of global analytical initiatives, impacting underwriting and marketing. The role will be responsible for applying statistical and data mining techniques to identify profitable growth areas and optimize portfolio performance. The person will be expected to understand and analyze complex insurance risk factors and articulate results to the various stakeholders, including but not limited to underwriters, product managers and actuarial.

Major Duties and Responsibilities

Build predictive models and analytic solutions, with little to no supervision, to support the underwriting functions within Chubb.
Lead a small team of direct reports (1-3 analysts). Create goals, oversee projects on a regular basis and provide timely feedback.
Brainstorm potential data sources that may contain predictive variables. Identify, acquire, evaluate and document data from these various sources, both internal and external.
Independently extract and manipulate data using data management tools from internal and external data sources.
Understand and combine data from various sources to create analytics data sets. Develop an advanced working knowledge of how current systems and data sources are populated and sourced.
Analyze data, draw meaningful conclusions, and develop solutions to help drive profitability and/or growth.
Actively seek out novel methodologies, algorithms, tools and technologies to solve assigned problems
Collaborate with Underwriting, Marketing and Actuarial to define projects and establish expectations
Collaborate with other analytics teams (i.e., Applied AI, Emerging Risks) to achieve objectives.
Engage business leaders on a regular basis to understand issues that their teams encounter. Build partnerships with key constituents.
Communicate and present findings to team and senior management to ensure successful integration of projects into business process. Proactively follow up on any issues that were raised during presentations.
Participate in developing solutions to implement models into production. Work with I/T in the design and testing of models
Monitor the performance and usage of models. Ensure that the reports suit the needs of the audience
Create and maintain clear and concise documentation associated with models
Support business requests which require statistical analysis.
Provide training guidance and assistance to colleagues

Qualifications

Desired Qualifications

Minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree, preferably in Statistics, Mathematics, Analytics or Computer Science. Advanced degree in Statistics or Predictive Analytics is strongly preferred.
9+ years of predictive analytics experience, preferably in the insurance industry
Understanding of complex business challenges, design analytical solutions, using advanced modeling techniques and synthesize insights to business decision making process
Advanced knowledge in statistical analysis and multivariate procedures. Knowledge of Machine Learning techniques and AI is preferred.
Experience with a statistical package (Python, R, SAS) and/or data management (SQL) and/or programming is preferred.
Experience with text analytics is a plus.
Proficient in Microsoft Suite applications.
Excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to articulate an advanced level of understanding of work products.
Ability to complete analytical tasks independently with little, if any, guidance.
Strong organizational and project management skills, able to work well under deadlines in a changing environment and perform multiple tasks effectively and concurrently. Produces accurate work products in a timely manner.
Ability to work in a team environment.
Experience and knowledge of Insurance, P&C industry
Responsive to service needs and operational demands.