Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence, GSK House, Stevenage, USA - Massachusetts - Cambridge

Posted Date: Jun 9 2022

We are seeking a genomic data scientist with a track record of supporting innovative, high-quality research by managing and analyzing large volumes of genetic and genomic data and results.

GSK aims to improve the number of successful late stage clinical trials for innovative medicines, by both identifying and advancing drug targets that have strong evidence of a causal role in disease biology. The Human Genetics team leverages major scientific and technological advances, including investment in biobanks linked to large-scale human health databases, cutting-edge informatics platforms, breakthrough understanding of biological pathways, functional genomics capabilities built upon rapid progress in gene editing, and leading industry-academia partnerships, in order to identify the best targets and to continue evaluation of targets through their life in the pipeline.

The successful candidate will work in a multidisciplinary, collaborative and scientifically driven environment, interacting with GSK scientists and key academic collaborators to advance drug discovery and clinical development in multiple disease areas. This research will leverage industry-leading data and compute resources, to address important drug discovery and development challenges, to directly impact GSK’s R&D pipeline, and to publish in top scientific journals.

The Selected Genomic Data Scientist(s) Will
Develop analytics tools and applications to enhance the productivity of scientists within Human Genetics and across the Research organization.
Collaborate with Computational Biologists, Statistical Geneticists, and Applied Geneticists to architect scalable, robust, and novel analysis methods.
Leverage hybrid cloud environments to scale and/or optimize existing analytical methods.
Support development of robust, scalable analysis implementations of high-impact, resource intensive methods, following software development best practices.
Why you?

Basic Qualifications
Bachelors degree
5 or more years experience in genetics, bioinformatics, or related life sciences applications.
Preferred Qualifications
Masters degree genetics, bioinformatics, or related life sciences applications 2 years industry experience or Phd in genetics, bioinformatics, or related life sciences applications
Experience with collaborative software development.
Demonstrated experience implementing analysis of genetic and/or genomic data.
Experience working in a distributed data and compute environment (e.g. Apache Hadoop ecosystem). Experience with Apache SparkTM is a significant advantage
Ability to discuss applications of genomic data types and analyses to target identification and prioritization.
Experience with data and/or results from large scale genetic association studies
Experience working in a HPC environment.
Enterprise, industry experience in SQL and either R or Python collaborative software development, with track record of developing production quality software pipelines, applications, or packages/libraries.
Familiar with version control (e.g. git)
(e.g. GWAS or PheWAS) or large scale functional genomic data.

Why GSK?

At GSK, we have already delivered unprecedented change over the past four years, improving R&D, becoming a leader in Consumer Health, strengthening our leadership, and transforming our commercial execution. Now, we’re making the biggest changes we’ve made to our business in over 20 years. We’re on track to separate and create two new companies in 2022: New GSK with a leading portfolio of vaccines and specialty medicines as well as R&D based on immune system and genetics science; and a new world-leading consumer healthcare company of loved and trusted brands.

With new ambition comes new purpose. For New GSK, this is to unite science, talent and technology to get ahead of disease together – all with the clear ambition of delivering human health impact; stronger and more sustainable shareholder returns; and as a new GSK where outstanding people thrive.

Getting ahead means preventing disease as well as treating it. How we do all this is through our people and our culture. A culture that is ambitious for patients – so we deliver what matters better and faster; accountable for impact – with clear ownership of goals and support to succeed; and where we do the right thing. So, if you’re ready to improve the lives of billions, join us at this exciting moment in our journey. Join our challenge to get Ahead Together.

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

At GSK, the health and safety of our employees are of paramount importance. As a science-led healthcare company on a mission to get ahead of disease together, we believe that supporting vaccination against COVID-19 is the single best thing we can do in the US to ensure the health and safety of our employees, complementary workers, workplaces, customers, consumers, communities, and the patients we serve.

GSK has made the decision to require all US employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, where allowed by state or local law and where vaccine supply is readily available. The only exceptions to this requirement are employees who are approved for an accommodation for religious, medical or disability-related reasons.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.