Business Unit : Chief Engineer

Pay Grade Level : Level 2 - Technical Expert

Post end date : 26- Sep- 2022

Salary Range : £36,968.13 to £55,452.20

Role Type : Full Time Contract

LETS CUT STRAIGHT TO IT

Want to do the best work of your life? Playing your part in making a big difference to the environment and communities we serve. Our people make Severn Trent a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.

Our purpose is taking care of life’s essentials, but we’re also big on making a difference, not just because we should but because we care.

With that in mind we’re looking for a Lead Data Scientist within our Asset Intelligence & Innovation Team to help us as we do so.

Are you an experience leader who is passionate about data, technology and people and how they can be used to deliver amazing outcomes? Are you someone who thrives in a faced past environment? And are you proficient in programming languages Python, R and SQL ?

If so, then read on.

LET’S TELL YOU MORE

As the successful candidate in role, you’ll manage and lead a team Data Scientists, Data Engineers and Platform Engineers to create a high performing Data Science function ensuring full potential can be realised with effective career development across the team.

You will also lead on the continuous improvement journey, resulting in a wholly engaged and motivated team. Responsible for performance management, health and safety of the team and defining / enforcing the technical standards of the team.

You must be a great influencer, and have experience with a range of stakeholders and you will lead on the delivery of an optimised data science service to all key stakeholders across Severn Trent, including the MI team and distributed insight & analytics teams.

Equally as important is you having an excellent knowledge of standards, tools and techniques used within the profession as well as being familiar with data analytics and Agile methodologies/frameworks. This is due to you having a requirement to present analytics opportunities, progress and results to leadership teams potentially including STEC, Strategic Leaders and Business Leaders. It key that you have an ability to communicate technical concepts in a clear and compelling way at all levels of the organisation.

So, if you are passionate about, and motivated to, deliver a world-class customer experience send us your application today.

What We’re Looking For

Of course, it’s important that we attract the right skill sets, and those with the right experience but we value character, positivity and a caring attitude in equal weight.

We want people who show up and roll their sleeves up. Restless spirits who are ready to be part of something bigger, who care, who really care... because when you really care, you’ll go above and beyond. When you really care you don’t just talk about it, you do more.

We welcome people from all walks of life and celebrate individuality as we know diverse minds, experiences and backgrounds help us to learn and better serve our communities. We employ thousands of people from across our community who really care about what they do. Because that is how we do what we do.

And when it comes to inclusion, we’re making sure we keep up the progress with our wonderful working groups – LGBTQ+, Women in Operations & STEM, Disability and Ethnicity; who help us do just that.

We do more, because we care.

HOW WE’LL REWARD AND CARE FOR YOU IN RETURN

Here’s Some Of Our Favourites

It’s not just a job you’ll get here, you’ll get a career too. We have a range of benefits that reward and recognise great work and award-winning training to ensure you reach your potential. And we’ll also help you play your part in looking after the environment and the community in which we live.

28 days holiday + bank holidays (and the ability to buy/ sell up to 5 days per year)
Annual bonus scheme (of up to £2,250 per annum based on company performance)
Leading pension scheme – we will double your contribution (up to 15% when you contribute 7.5%)
Sharesave – the chance to buy Severn Trent Plc shares at a discounted rate
Dedicated training and development with our ‘Academy’
Electric vehicle scheme and retail offers
Family friendly policies
Two volunteering days per year

LET’S GO

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSevernTrent on social media.