• World-leading products used by millions across multiple industries.
• Great working environment, flexible hours, hybrid working and bonus scheme.
• Modern technology, excellent training & development opportunities.
Would you like to join an innovative company, using cutting-edge technology and working in a stimulating scientific field? If that sounds like the role for you, I'm currently working with a globally known Tech firm who'd be keen to speak with you.
What you'll be doing
Joining their established Data Science team you’ll work on a range of Data Science and Machine Learning projects to support the development of new scientific instruments as well as improving the company's current range of products.
What experience you'll need to apply
At least 2 years' experience working in a Data Science/Machine Learning role (preferably in an Agile environment)
Experience managing and mentoring junior data scientists/analysts.
A MSc or PhD in a technology related field (e.g. Computer Science, STEM or Engineering etc.)
Experience using Neural Networks and Deep Learning (using libraries like Keras, Tensorflow or PyTorch).
Programming skills in Python ideally (using libraries like Pandas, Numpy and Scikit-learn)
Experience deploying models in a cloud based environment (ideally Azure).
Communication skills are key in this one as well as the ability to work well both in a team and alone.
What you'll get in return for your experience
The base salary is up to £66K (depending on experience), plus bonus (up to 10%) with a number of great benefits like; 25 days holiday (increasing with service) and flexi-time (core hours 10-12 and 2-3 Monday to Friday). You’ll also get a healthcare cash plan, life assurance 4x salary, group personal pension scheme up to 6% contribution and company subsidized membership of local health clubs. You will be eligible to participate in the company profit share scheme, cycle to work scheme, share incentive plan and employee development. They’re also an Investors in People Gold accredited organisation which shows their commitment to employee engagement, development and progression.
The expectation is to be onsite in the Bristol office 2 days per week for team collaboration.
What's next?
If this sounds like the role for you, get in touch with Adam with your updated CV and we'll handle the rest.