Come create the technology that helps the world act together

Nokia is committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed and cloud networks. Your career here will have a positive impact on people’s lives and will help us build the capabilities needed for a more productive, sustainable, and inclusive world.

We challenge ourselves to create an inclusive way of working where we are open to new ideas, empowered to take risks and fearless to bring our authentic selves to work.

The team you'll be part of

The Mobile Networks, home to AI and Data Science Team in Digitalisation of Services. we work on AI solutions for enhancing current processes in different service domains, in a very dynamic and fast pacing environment with continuous personal development in the field. You will work with Solution Owners and AI Engineering team, handing on AI/ML, Data Science, AIOps/MLOps technologies.

Our Business Group is a leader in wireless mobility networks and associated services. With more than 3.500 patent families essential for 5G we have a strong 5G portfolio and are a front runner in open and virtualized radio access networks (O-RAN and vRAN).

What You Will Learn And Contribute To

As a senior data scientist you will work closely with solution consultant and solution owner to advise and jointly brainstorm on how Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning can assist in larger problem-solving. Will cover the blending of historical data from available customer network data sources, public information, field reports, or purchased sources for building efficient algorithms. You will use the latest technologies and techniques which also comprise deep insight and knowledge in predictive analytics. Work in straight collaboration with software engineers and data engineers for integrating artificial intelligence and machine learning-based algorithms into industrial products. You must be prepared to work in a very dynamic environment that includes regular interactions with several organizations. He/she must be able to communicate effectively and have detailed knowledge of data preparation and cleansing, algorithm selection and design, result in analysis, and industrialization. The Data Scientist is solution-oriented, curious, open-minded, autonomous, and willing to work in a team.

The position involves in-depth operational research on analytical issues, natural language processing, recognition of similarities, computer vision, optimization algorithms, design and maintenance of artificial intelligence solutions, and business acumen to suggest AI projects based on relevant data from the business.

As the Senior Data Scientist you will manage AI/ML projects starting with a discovery phase, proof of concept, industrialization, and deployment. You will also manage and supervise junior Data Scientists to define the methodology and evaluate the possible and most appropriate technical solutions. You will lead the functional and technical analysis of the needs of internal and external customers in terms of analysis and contribute to the design and implementation of the customer solution; describe, explain, and document the implemented solution as well as the results in terms of data analysis and solution performance. As well as propose, implement, test, and select the best machine learning algorithms using the different statistical tools and methodologies of Data Scientists to discover, describe and predict. You will also participate in the specification of industrialization and the implementation of the industrialized solution.

You will also be expected to be able to establish a strong connection within research councils funding AI projects, specifically with the countries with the highest AI Readiness Index. As well as build up strong b ridging between the European and American research institutions, benefitting from the bilateral scientific/technological advances. You should be able to establish quick academic links with the universities in those countries with the highest AI Readiness Index.

To be a successful Senior Data Scientist you should be able to participate in funding programs executed by the high Ranked countries in terms of the AI Readiness index, such as UK Funding Councils in the AI domain, including AHRC, BBSRC, ESRC, EPSRC, Innovate UK, MRC, NERC, Research England, STFC and UKRI-wide

Your Skills And Experience

Must have:
Ph.D. (exceptionally MSc) in Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Computer Science, Computer Engineering
5-6 years of significant experience in the field of Data Science
Machine Learning: supervised and unsupervised learning, linear and logistic regressions, random forests, gradient boosting, neural networks (RNN, LSTM, CNN), text mining and topics extraction, NLP, K-Means, decision trees, ML applied to computer vision.
Deep Knowledge of Python (scikit-learn, Pandas, NumPy, etc), jupyter, Spark/Scala or R data science libraries, PostgreSQL, ELK, Java, Kubernetes, Docker, micro-services-oriented architecture, collaborative tools (GitLab)
English mandatory (written and verbal)

It would be nice to have:
Familiarity with the MLOps
Familiarity with AI project lifecycle
Familiarity with Data Engineering concepts, including data pipelining and warehousing

What We Offer

We offer a variety of benefits under Nokia's people strategy, supporting employees and their families including:
Car Allowance / Company Car (subject to the availability)
Health insurance and other well-being options
Performance-based Payments
Dynamic Work Environment with occasional social activities
Multi-cultural atmosphere to adhere to individual's personal preferences within the company rules

Nokia offers flexible and hybrid working schemes, continuous learning opportunities, well-being programs to support you mentally and physically, opportunities to join and get supported by employee resource groups, mentoring programs, and highly diverse teams with an inclusive culture where people thrive and are empowered.

If you have any questions please contact the recruiter Gabriela van Riemsdijk (gabriela.van_riemsdijk.ext@nokia.com) or Majid Ghader (majid.ghader@nokia.com).

Nokia is committed to inclusion and is an equal opportunity employer

Nokia has received the following recognitions for its commitment to inclusion & equality:
One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere
Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg
Workplace Pride Global Benchmark
LGBT+ equality & best place to work by HRC Foundation

At Nokia, we act inclusively and respect the uniqueness of people.

Nokia’s employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

We are committed to a culture of inclusion built upon our core value of respect.

Join us and be part of a company where you will feel included and empowered to succeed.

Job

Data Science & Analytics - Data Scientist

Primary Location

Europe North-United Kingdom-United Kingdom-Reading

Schedule

Full-time