Job Description

SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST (EPIDEMIOLOGY) - REAL-WORLD EVIDENCE/DATA ANALYTICS

Position Location: United Kingdom, office-based or 100% remote.

), We May Provide Key Information Such As

Evidera has been providing outcomes research, data analytics and epidemiology services to clients in the biopharmaceutical industry for over 19 years. The Real-World Evidence team supports in the pharmaceutical/ biotechnology/ medical device companies throughout the product lifecycle, from early pre-launch planning to launch and post-marketing management. Our focus is on helping our clients build economic and epidemiological evidence to demonstrate and support the value of their products. By applying pharmacoepi and predictive analytics methods to large health administrative databases (e.g., medical claims, electronic health records, registries, etc.
Treatment patterns and drug utilization
Resource utilization
The incidence and prevalence of diseases and co-morbidities
The incidence of adverse events
The impact of various risk factors
Burden of disease
Comparative effectiveness
Knowledge of the relationships between patient, drug, clinical and disease factors can significantly aid our clients in navigating potential drug-event causal relationships as well as in building stronger evidence-based value messages.

Position Overview

Executes advanced analytics modeling based on exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets through application of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and/or advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, and generate valuable predictive business insights in support of innovative business decisions. Supports organization leadership through data-driven decision validation and support. Programming primarily in R/R Studio.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities (other Duties May Be Assigned)
Effectively collaborates with cross-functional stakeholders to identify questions and business challenges and determine plans of action in order to effectively define, design, and develop machine learning models and algorithms to derive insights into each problem.
Generates and tests hypotheses and analyzes and interprets the results.
Navigates large, complex datasets for data mining, profiling, and curation, and natural language processing (NLP), as well as identifies related data that is fundamental to successfully applying predictive and machine learning techniques.
Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and software programs to consolidate, cleanse, and analyze unstructured, diverse data sources to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, and generate actionable business insights and solutions.
Designs, develops, and evaluates predictive models and algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data in order to support business process improvements and solve business challenges.
Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources in support of continuous improvement efforts and business process upgrades through exploratory data analysis.
Effectively communicates and guides stakeholders through the machine learning process; Interprets and communicates findings and solutions from analysis and experiments to a broad audience, including business leadership.
Job Qualification

Education, Professional Skills & Experience
PhD or MSc with significant related experience
Strong working knowledge of application of statistics, R/R Studio programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to business questions for data analysis
Demonstrated skills with exploratory data analysis techniques involving structured and unstructured data, machine learning (e.g. decision trees, neural networks, clustering, classification, Bayesian networks), model validation techniques, and data visualization techniques
In depth knowledge in one or more of the following technical areas: Snowflake, AWS EMR, Python, Spark, R, Shiny, jupyter, and associated packages and libraries from numpy, pandas, SciPy or NLTK
Thorough knowledge of and exposure to cloud architectures across NoSQL, lambda functions, kafka, sagemaker, tensorflow, etc.
Proficiency with the following data science approaches: data engineering, pipelining and wrangling tools, data visualization and modeling tools, and mathematical approaches to imperfect data
Substantial knowledge of data management approaches such as relational databases, data schemas, object stores, column stores, triple stores, graph stores, and/or document stores
Proven ability to deliver accurate work products in a cross-functional matrix environment spanning data warehousing, data modeling, and data analytics while managing multiple competing priorities
Personal Skills & Competencies
Demonstrated ability to communicate and document information effectively in written English, including the ability to produce reports, documents, emails and other written pieces which are well-organized, free from errors, and are appropriately adjusted to the characteristics and needs of the audience.
Strong organizational, time-management, prioritization and decision-making skills necessary to evaluate, plan and accomplish multiple work goals in a timely fashion.
Able to quickly learn and apply new information, skills and procedures.
Sound analytical skills and demonstrated proficiency in developing detailed analysis, models, plan calculations, and tools
Solid executive presence with ability to communicate effectively and influence at all levels
Demonstrated creativity in identifying non-traditional data sources in addition to rigorous application of leading analytic techniques
Who we are?

Evidera is a business within Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (PPD) a leading global contract research organization (CRO), and a is a preeminent provider of evidence-based solutions. We provide integrated scientific expertise and global operational capabilities to help clients generate the evidence needed to optimize the market access and commercial potential of products.

What we offer?

We know that if you are provided with the right support and resources needed you will thrive! Therefore, Evidera offers a great mix of compensation and benefits options to show you how valuable you are to the organization.

Some Of Our Perks Include
Highly competitive salary and bonus structure
Generous benefits package, including healthcare, dental, vision and paid time off to spent with your friends and family
Flexible working environment by offering fully remote work for most of our positions, to support work-life balance
Clear opportunities for growth and career progression. We offer multiple Learning & Development programs, coaching and mentoring trainings, career planning and discussions to help you grow as a professional.
Access to Employee Well-being programs and services. We value your emotional health and offer a variety of programs to support your mental healthcare.
Collaborative working environment with focus on Diversity and Inclusion . At Evidera, we respect one another and recognize that our diversity makes our business stronger. We strive to be an inclusive organization where colleagues can be their authentic selves and grow their careers.
Global exposure: Opportunity to work on multiple projects with some of the industry’s leading researchers around the globe.
Smooth onboarding process with your own dedicated onboarding specialist and a working buddy to help you navigate through your first few weeks thus ensuring great start to your new role.
Our 4i Values

Our 4i Values are critical components in accomplishing our mission. These values guide us and, ultimately, define us.

Integrity – Innovation – Intensity – Involvement

If you resonate with them and wish to accelerate the delivery of safe and effective therapeutics for some of the world’s most urgent health needs, submit your application – we’d love to hear from you!*
only shortlisted candidates will be contacted