Job Summary

DESCRIPTION

Amazon's F3 (Fresh, Food Fast) team in Europe is seeking a truly innovative and technically strong data scientist with a background in machine learning, and statistical modeling/analysis, as well as time-series forecasting.

We are looking for a highly motivated, analytical and detail-oriented candidate to help build scalable prescriptive & predictive business analytics solutions that supports various aspects of Amazon Grocery business.

You are a pragmatic generalist. You can equally contribute to each layers of a data solution – you work closely with product managers and stakeholders to define the inputs and the outputs; liaise with with business intelligence engineers to obtain relevant datasets and prototype predictive analytic models and implement data pipeline to productionize your models, and review key results with business leaders and stakeholders. Your work exhibits a balance between scientific validity and business practicality.

Key job responsibilities

To be successful in this role, you must be able to turn ambiguous business questions into clearly defined problems, develop quantifiable metrics and robust machine learning models from imperfect data sources, and deliver results that meet high standards of data quality, security, and privacy.
Interview stakeholders to gather business requirements and translate them into concrete requirement for data science projects
Build models that predict changes / prescribe solutions and incorporate inputs from product, engineering, finance and marketing partners
Apply data science techniques to automatically identify trends, patterns, and frictions related to a wide variety of operational topics
Work with BIEs and WW Data Engineering team to deploy models and experiments to production
Identify and recommend opportunities to automate systems, tools, and processes.
A day in the life

In a week, you will spend 20% of your available time working with the stakeholders on scoping or demo-ing a new feature for an existing solution or a completely new solution.

As a Data Scientist, this time will be also spent advising on advanced experiment design & analysis to the business.

20% will be spent on operational excellence tasks, that are planned in advance.

50% of your time will be about building the solutions.

10% is allocated for urgent non-planned work.

Of course, the time for you to learn a new technology, attend or present at an internal analytics conference is baked into workload planning.

About The Team

The team has both Data Science and Business Intelligence skillset, which allows to create solutions at the intersection of two disciplines and learn from each other.

We interact with multiple stakeholder groups, including Vendor Managers, Amazon Vendor Services, Category Leaders, PMs, Operations - creating solutions that bring several groups of stakeholders together.


Basic Qualifications
Several years of experience with data scripting languages (e.g SQL, Python, R etc.) or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, or Matlab)
Several years working as a Data Scientist
BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or a related field.
Proficiency in at least one of the following languages: R, Python
Strong communication and presentation skills necessary to build effective working relationships and positively influence decision making
Preferred Qualifications
PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Machine Learning, or a related field with several years of working experience as Data Scientist
Proficient in time series forecasting and machine learning (neural networks specifically)
Hypothesis testing (including statistical hypothesis testing) and experimental design
Solid SQL Skills
Expert in R
Strong business acumen and product sense
Experience with large datasets
Experience with AWS technologies (SageMaker, Redshift, RDS, S3, EMR, etc.)
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need an adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please contact the Applicant-Candidate Accommodation Team (ACAT), Monday through Friday from 7:00 am GMT - 4:00 pm GMT. If calling directly from the United Kingdom, please dial +44 800 086 9884 (tel:+448000869884). If calling from Ireland, please dial +353 1800 851 489 (tel:+3531800851489).


Company - Amazon EU SARL (UK Branch)

Job ID: A2250719