What you will be doing

The candidate will provide intelligence services to Cyber & Security Division and their practices. Using a range of data practice skills within data science.

This only describes the core part of the role, there will be some flexibility required and the successful candidate will be expected to expand and develop their responsibilities.

Who you'll be working for

A client who is a part of the Cyber & Security Division, one of the three divisions within the ci, is a pivotal innovator, helping customers deliver and secure their digital transformation. The Cyber & Security Division is at the forefront of supplying technology and services for both civil and defence markets, in both the UK and around the world, to enhance the capabilities of its customers. Within the Cyber & Security Division is our Data Practice which is where this role is positioned

What we are looking for

This is a highly rewarding and hands on role with exposure across both traditional and cutting-edge enterprise IT as well as bespoke Operational Technology systems. You will be working in a dynamic environment with a team that is motivated to deliver innovative solutions to customers within defence, government, and commercial sectors. We are after creative, passionate, technically savvy, and personable people to help grow our practice and solve some of the most challenging, exciting, and critical challenges to the UK’s digital landscape. UK SC Clearance or the ability obtain it as well as other more in depth security clearances
Strong data science and analytics experience
Knowledge in advanced analytics methods
Knowledge across statistical models, machine learning and AI algorithms
Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, R, SQL
Experience with cloud platforms such as AWS and Azure
Ability to communicate complicated technical and analytical information to a nontechnical audience
A degree in Computer science, Statistics, Data Science, or equivalent field would be advantageous but is not essential
What you will get in return

This is an opportunity for permanent employment within an organisation who directly support and better the lives of our local community. This role is at a more mid-level but will come with skills and career development.
Salary = £40-60k (DOE)
Hybrid remote working (2 days in office / onsite per week)
Flexible working considered.
Extensive benefit package (pension etc)
What you need to do now

If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.

If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. #4283055