Parkopedia was founded with the mission of being able to answer any parking question, anywhere in the world.

Today, Parkopedia is the world’s leading parking services provider and is used by millions of drivers and organisations ranging from Apple to Volkswagen.

We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist who is a strong communicator to work with the team on developing products and services and use their technical expertise to present to a wide range of internal and external stakeholders. Our aim is for you to become a subject matter expert in our data science products and services.

We are part of a global team but are based in the London Office, which is a short walk from London Bridge.

Responsibilities
Presenting our products internally as well as to external clients at all levels.
Keeping up to date with current research that impacts our products and preparing presentations on key changes.
Mentoring members of the data science team and evangelising scientific best practices across the company.
Researching and prototyping new modelling approaches and considering the customer UX for them.
Building dashboards to monitor performance and health of our data science products.
Be a great member of the team, whilst the work is quite autonomous, we’re a close knit bunch and like to support each other in any way we can.

Requirements
Excellent presentation skills. You will be comfortable presenting modelling approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Extensive experience engaging with relevant external stakeholders and clients at a variety of technical levels (ideally in a commercial setting).
Excellent mathematical and theoretical skills, especially probability theory. Likely from an MSc or PhD in a highly mathematical field.
Ideally you will have a breadth of experience in machine-learning tools and techniques, as well as having experience in geospatial modelling and working with large datasets.
Python programming skills including its data ecosystem (NumPy, Scikit-Learn, Pandas, etc), and maintaining code repositories in git.
Good knowledge of SQL (ideally MySQL).
Experience with mentoring other team members.
Working knowledge of using Unix/Linux systems.

Benefits

Parkopedia is committed to building a great work environment for all our employees. Here are the benefits that we offer:
Unlimited annual leave - yup, time off is as important as time in the office, we all need to unwind and recharge our batteries!
Flexible working hours
Training allowance
Fresh fruit, tea, coffee
Annual company retreat
Private Medical Insurance
Regular team lunches and socials
Time off for volunteering
Cycle to work scheme
Gym membership
Eye care and flu vouchers

We are an equal opportunities employer and believe in the power of a diverse and inclusive team. We welcome applications from everyone, regardless of race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation or age.