We are looking for a Statistician/Data Scientist to join Mintel's Consumer Research & Data Analytics team in London. The role will suit someone who has experience of working in market research, excellent knowledge of using the statistical software packages R and SPSS, as well as experience with consumer research data and analysis techniques. You will be working as part of a global team that provides a first class level of quantitative consumer analysis and data insight to Mintel’s syndicated content.The role will have a strong developmental element requiring someone who is prepared to become a champion for maintaining, developing and future proofing our analytics capabilities.

It’s also crucial that this person can interpret and communicate complex data in a meaningful and comprehensible way for both multi-disciplinary teams and external stakeholders.

This is the perfect role for the aspiring Data Scientist who wants to bring their exceptional statistical knowledge to a market leading company.

Responsibilities

Analysing data: Using statistical and data-modelling techniques based on quantitative consumer research data and/or market data. This includes, but is not limited to, analyses such as correlation, multivariate regression, segmentation using factor, cluster and/or CHAID analysis, and time series regressions to conduct market forecasts.

Maintaining and troubleshooting our software: Helping to monitor and manage our analytics templates and R repositories. Handle updates to versions and code and investigate errors and queries.

Internal consultant on data analytics: Fielding data requests and other research and statistics-related queries from internal stakeholders and clients, being the statistical subject matter expert and providing advice across the business.

Development of analysis techniques and visualisation: Working with the analytics team and wider research department to develop new ways to analyse and visualise our primary and secondary data.

Training: Ensuring that the Consumer Research & Data Analytics team and Mintel reports teams are conversant with how to create and analyse statistical outputs.

Manage datasets: Maintaining Mintel’s internal and external datasets used to create market sizes and forecasts.

The Successful Candidate Will Have

Who we are looking for
A degree with a significant research methods and statistical analysis component, or relevant qualifications in mathematics, statistics, and/or relevant experience in research and data analysis
Previous experience in a market research or data analysis role (agency or client-side) preferred
Advanced knowledge of at least one programming language for data analysis, preferably R
A deep knowledge of statistical and data-modelling tools and techniques, applied to research-type datasets (e.g. survey sampling, weighting, imputation, key driver analysis, market sizing, segmentation, factor analysis and development of indices / composite measures)
Experience of analysing survey data using segmentation, MaxDiff, conjoint and other advanced analysis techniques
Experience of designing and analysing quantitative consumer questionnaires and data
Great organisational/time management skills
The ability to communicate difficult concepts in a clear, straightforward way and work collaboratively and to build and main strong relationships
We Hope You’ll Like Our
Culture that supports true collaboration whilst embracing remote working.
Flexi-Time working hours (start working between 7:00am and 11:00am).
Blended (home/office) approach to work post Covid.
Approach to personal development where we encourage individuals to grow and share what they’ve learned.
Social events, both within the department and across the company
Home Office allowance, as the working model will be a blend of home and office working
Generous holiday allowance with the opportunity to buy back additional holiday.
A day off to celebrate your birthday
Giving back is part of our culture with this in mind Mintel gives each employee 2 days per year to give to a worthwhile cause.
Open plan office with breakout areas, coffee machines, pool table and table tennis table