Meta is seeking a Visiting Researcher, to join the Core Data Science team. Core Data Science is a research and development team, working to improve Meta’s products, infrastructure, and processes. The team’s mission is to generate real-world impact through a combination of scientific rigour and methodological innovation. We are an interdisciplinary team, with expertise in computer science, statistics, machine learning, economics, political science, operations research, and computational social science, among other fields. This diversity of perspectives enriches our research and expands the scope and scale of projects they can address.Visiting Researchers will be expected to conduct cutting-edge applied research while working collaboratively with teams across the company to solve important product related scientific challenges.

Visiting Researcher, Core Data Science Responsibilities:

Build pragmatic, scalable, and statistically rigorous solutions to mission critical inferential and decision problems using either existing or novel methods on top of Meta’s unparalleled data infrastructure.
Work towards long-term ambitious research goals, while identifying intermediate milestones.
Apply excellent communication skills in order to develop cross-functional partnerships throughout the company.
Be able to work both independently and collaboratively with other scientists, engineers, designers, UX researchers, and product managers to accomplish complex tasks that deliver demonstrable value to Meta’s community of over 2 billion users.
Think creatively, proactively, and futuristically to identify new opportunities within Meta’s long term roadmap for data-scientific contributions.

Minimum Qualifications:

Ph.D. degree in computer science, statistics, economics, computational social science and related fields or MS degree and relevant professional experience.
Experience in statistical analysis, machine learning or social network analysis.
Experience with data analysis using tools such as R or Python, with packages such as NumPy, SciPy, pandas, scikit-learn, tidyverse (dplyr, ggplot2, etc.).
Ability to initiate and drive research projects to completion with minimal guidance.
The ability to communicate scientific work in a clear and effective manner.