The Company

So, what’s ramarketing all about? In a nutshell, we’re a full-service content, digital marketing and design agency for the life sciences industry. We get a kick out of delivering world-class work to clients across the global drug development and manufacturing sector and we’re pretty proud to have over a decade of year-on-year organic, sustainable and profitable growth under our belt.

Today, we’re a 60+ strong, diverse and talented team based in Europe, the US and Asia, supporting 60+ clients across the globe.

The person

We have a really exciting opportunity for the right person to support the growth of our business, sitting within the Research & Strategy team. Data insights is a rapidly growing part of our offering and requires a Data Scientist who possesses significant experience working with raw data, alongside a strong capability in collecting, cleaning and validating large data sets. This role is only suitable for self-starters who have experience in establishing new systems and processes in order to build out data insight capabilities within a business.

You will be working closely with our Head of Research & Strategy, establishing and driving our data insights offering to ensure that we can continue to deliver world class work to all stakeholders, both internally and externally. The right person will have the data science expertise expected, alongside a natural curiosity and creative mind that’s so important to our agency. This role offers the opportunity to create something new, connect the dots, and help our data reach its full potential.

Roles And Responsibilities

You should be proactive, resourceful and deadline-oriented, demonstrating excellent time management and be a demonstrated self-starter.

Main responsibilities:

Help identify the best tools to use to build out the data insights offering
Work with all stakeholders across the organisation to understand data availability and needs
Identify and integrate new large datasets that can be leveraged throughout client and internal offerings
Understand and work within all data protection requirements (global), ensuring data security and anonymity, as per client/internal project requirements
Identify opportunities to help solve various problems and make a true impact across various aspects of the business and life science sector
Identify relevant data sources and sets to mine for client business needs, and collect large structured and unstructured datasets and variables
Perform data and error analysis to improve models, and clean and validate data for uniformity and accuracy
Analyse data for trends and patterns, and interpret data with a clear objective in mind
Communicate analytic solutions to stakeholders and implement improvements as needed to operational systems
Tell stories to back the business using data visualisation
Help define and refine new ways of working, as required
May lead internal initiatives
Stay at the forefront of the latest industry trends and keeping track of clients competitor movement and market situations

Salary range

£29,000 to £33,000

The Benefits Of Working At Ramarketing

At ramarketing, we genuinely care about our people. We want everyone to love what they do and believe it’s our job to support our team members so that they can crack on with being brilliant. We’re 100% committed to diversity and inclusion and work hard to recruit, nurture and work with people and clients of all ages and backgrounds. Be yourself – we like it that way.

As well as offering highly competitive salaries, our UK employees can also benefit from the following:

Flexible or remote working options available
Annual company profit-based bonus
Enhanced employer pension contributions
Ongoing learning and training opportunities + one day a month provided to develop a skill or solve a challenge
Private healthcare and critical illness cover, plus income protection
A one-off additional 10 days annual leave offered after 5 years of service

If you like what you see, please upload your CV and cover letter detailing your experience and why you want to be part of our team. For any questions about this role, please feel free to contact laura@ramarketingpr.com

The recruitment process for this role

So you know what to expect, here’s the process:

Screening: Candidate applications will be reviewed post-closing date, we’ll then let you know if you’ve been asked to the next stage
Interview one: We’ll ask you to come to the first interview with our Head of Research & Strategy
Tasks: If you’re successful in your interview, we’ll invite you to complete two tasks relative to the role. This is to get a sense of your skill set and approach
Interview two: We’ll ask you to attend a second interview to discuss and/or present your tasks. This will involve the Head of Research & Strategy and another member of the team