This is a Senior role, Applications for Internships will not be considered.

We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join Team Pixalate! You will be working closely with the data science team, as well as big data engineers, product managers, and marketers to analyze large amounts of data and develop algorithms and generate conclusions that can be used to solve tough business problems that span the area of fraud detection/prevention and advertising data analytics. Our mission is to help improve the traffic quality in the advertising ecosystem by developing innovative solutions, and analyzing vast amounts of data is a mandatory step towards this direction.

We are under midst one of the biggest shifts in ad tech right now with overwhelming industry demand for greater transparency and protection against ad fraud. Concurrently, media spends are steadily shifting more towards newer channels like OTT/CTV which are poised to explode, yet present difficult challenges around measurement and fraud protection. Pixalate is uniquely positioned to capitalize on these industry trends by being the first fraud protection provider to offer MRC accredited omni-channel fraud protection solutions that are focused on actually reducing fraud, not just measuring it, and our explosive growth over the last quarters reflect that!

What you'll do:

Work with other data scientists, data analysts, product managers and engineers, and apply your expertise in quantitative data analysis to create innovative solutions
Provide technical support for the existing products by help resolving complex client issues through coordinated tickets and data analysis
Discover new types of fraud and develop algorithms for early detection and prevention
Create visualizations, document methodology and effectively communicate your research insights to the product management and marketing teams
Create scripts to automate reports for recurring requests
Create and test statistical hypotheses
Support data-driven decision making

Minimum qualifications:

BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, Physics, or other quantitative field.
4+ years of professional experience in data science solving complex problems.
Ability to solve complex problems with minimum supervision.
Critical thinking ability and ability to generate intuitive conclusions from complex datasets.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with high attention to detail.
Fluency in SQL and ability to write complex queries to extract large amounts of data.
Fluency in Python (experience with R is a plus).
Concrete understanding of machine learning algorithms (clustering, regression, and classification) and basic probability and statistics.
Experience with deep learning and natural language processing algorithms.
Experience with data science tools and frameworks such as scikit-learn, Keras, Tensorflow, H2O, Numpy, Pandas, Jupyter, etc.
Familiarity with online advertising and advertising fraud.

Preferred qualifications:

MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, Statistics, or other quantitative field.
A team player who can collaborate with engineers, product managers, and other cross-functional teams.
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance.
Demonstrable ability to quickly understand concepts.
Fullstack knowledge of the data science processes and frameworks.
Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to a senior audience
Concrete understanding of the Internet protocols and Computer Networking fundamentals.
Experience assessing risk and detecting anomalies in large datasets.
Experience with Amazon AWS, and UNIX CLI.
Experience programming in Scala, Java, and/or C/C++ is a plus.

Powered by JazzHR

y9n8NMXO0C