Job Summary

DESCRIPTION

Amazon Advertising is looking for an Applied Scientist to join its brand new initiative that powers Amazon’s contextual advertising product.

Advertising at Amazon is a fast-growing multi-billion dollar business that spans across desktop, mobile and connected devices; encompasses ads on Amazon and a vast network of hundreds of thousands of third party publishers; and extends across US, EU and an increasing number of international geographies.The Supply Quality organization has the charter to solve optimization problems for ad-programs in Amazon and ensure high-quality ad-impressions. We develop advanced algorithms and infrastructure systems to optimize performance for our advertisers and publishers. We are focused on solving a wide variety of problems in computational advertising like traffic quality prediction (robot and fraud detection), Security forensics and research, Viewability prediction, Brand Safety, Contextual data processing and classification, and experimentation. Our team includes experts in the areas of distributed computing, machine learning, statistics, optimization, text mining, information theory and big data systems.

We are looking for a dynamic, innovative and accomplished Data Scientist to work on data science initiatives for contextual data processing and classification that power our contextual advertising solutions. Are you an experienced user of sophisticated analytical techniques that can be applied to answer business questions and chart a sustainable vision? Are you exited by the prospect of communicating insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication? Above all, are you an innovator at heart and have a track record of resolving ambiguity to deliver result? As a data scientist, you help our data science team build cutting edge models to power out contextual classification technology. As this is a new initiative, you will get an opportunity to act as a thought leader, work backwards from the customer needs, dive deep into data to understand the issues, define metrics, conceptualize and build algorithms and collaborate with multiple cross-functional teams.

Key job responsibilities
Define a long-term science vision for contextual-classification tech, driven fundamentally from the needs of our advertisers and publishers, translating that direction into specific plans for the science team. Interpret complex and interrelated data points and anecdotes to build and communicate this vision.
Collaborate with software engineering teams to Identify and implement elegant statistical and machine learning solutions
Oversee the design, development, and implementation of production level code that handles billions of ad requests. Own the full development cycle: idea, design, prototype, impact assessment, A/B testing (including interpretation of results) and production deployment.
Promote the culture of experimentation and applied science at Amazon.
Demonstrated ability to meet deadlines while managing multiple projects.
Excellent communication and presentation skills working with multiple peer groups and different levels of management
Influence and continuously improve a sustainable team culture that exemplifies Amazon’s leadership principles.

Basic Qualifications
Experience working as a Data Scientist
Experience with data scripting languages (e.g. SQL, Python, R etc.) or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, or Matlab)
Bachelor or Master's degree in highly quantitative field (CS, machine learning, mathematics, statistics) or equivalent experience.
Experience applying various machine learning techniques, and understanding the key parameters that affect their performance.
Experience developing experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, and the ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationships.
Have a history of building systems that capture and utilize large data sets in order to quantify performance via metrics or KPIs.
Preferred Qualifications
Expertise in NLP
Multiple years of experience working with large-scale, complex datasets to create/optimize machine learning, predictive, forecasting, and/or optimization models.
Experience working on advertising solutions.
Experience working with AWS Services, consuming, managing large scale datasets.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively advocate technical solutions to research scientists, engineering teams and business audiences
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need an adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please contact the Applicant-Candidate Accommodation Team (ACAT), Monday through Friday from 7:00 am GMT - 4:00 pm GMT. If calling directly from the United Kingdom, please dial +44 800 086 9884 (tel:+448000869884). If calling from Ireland, please dial +353 1800 851 489 (tel:+3531800851489).


Company - Amazon Dev Centre (London) Ltd

Job ID: A2104619