We’re here because we believe in small businesses. We believe they deserve better than waiting weeks for a loan. And we believe it’s our job to help them grow.

We started in 2012 with these principles, and we hold true to them today – now that we’re one of the fastest-growing fintechs in Europe. In the time between, we’ve built the best tech platform in lending, won several awards and opened up £3.5 billion in loans to over 70,000 businesses.

So what’s next? Our mission now is to help one million businesses who need us. To do this, we’ll need new products and partnerships. But most of all, we’ll need smart, hands-on people to join us on the journey and get us to our goal.

The role

Our Data Scientists develop cutting edge algorithms using statistical modelling and machine learning techniques. Using Python (Pandas, NumPy and SciPy) they work in a fast paced and dynamic environment to produce data driven solutions. Our Tech & Analytics team works in a relaxed, collaborative and flexible environment, where everyone has the opportunity to make a significant contribution to the business. As an iwocan, you will be expected to derive meaningful and actionable insights from our data as well as develop the innovative technologies behind our platform.

We are looking for a Data Scientist who loves to code and get their hands dirty with raw data. It doesn't really matter whether people call you an Engineer, Physicist or Mathematician, what matters to us is that you are a curious and continuous learner with a hunger to achieve the very best in what you do.

Requirements
Strong numerate background, e.g Degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or equivalent
Must have a background in Probability & Statistics
Programming experience: Python, Java, C/C++ or similar
Self-starter with ability to work autonomously in an unstructured environment
Good general knowledge of statistics
Demonstrable experience using machine learning techniques
Strong basis in computer-science fundamentals
Experience with Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, R, Matlab, and/or SQL.
Understanding of web technologies

Don’t take this list as prescriptive: it’s just to give you a sense of who might do well at the job. We’d still love to hear from you if you don’t hit every point on the list, or if you have other experience.

We want to pay all of our employees fairly, so that’s why we regularly benchmark salaries based on market rates and to recognise your increasing value to our business. We are ideally looking to pay between £40,000 - £80,000 for this role, this isn’t fixed so let us know in your application what you are looking for. We know there may be some candidates who may not fit within this salary range, if this is the case we would still love to hear from you.

We work hard to make iwoca a place where everyone feels welcome - we want everyone to confidently be themselves. For us, diversity isn't an optional add-on. It's the thing that makes us great.

Benefits

Our benefits

We put a lot of effort into making iwoca a brilliant place to work:
Offices in London, Leeds and Frankurt
Events and clubs, like bingo, comedy nights, yoga classes, football…
Two company retreats a year, we’ve been to France, Italy, Spain and further afield
Plenty of drinks and snacks in our offices.

Our benefits package is second-to-none:
Medical insurance from Vitality, including discounted gym membership
25 days’ holiday and an extra day off for your birthday
Instant access to emotional and mental health support with our partner, Spill
Generous maternity leave and shared parental (?) leave
A nursery tax benefit scheme to help you save money
Paid volunteering time to support your chosen charity
Extra leave if you want to travel or study
One-month fully paid sabbaticals after 4 years
Cycle-to-work scheme and electric car scheme

And to make sure we all keep learning, we offer:
An L&D budget for everyone, including a book budget
Company-wide talks with internal and external speakers
Access to learning platforms like Treehouse if you want to learn to code.