#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike EndPoint Protection team is expanding. We are looking for Data Scientists to help us build solutions with detections based on indicators of risk, analytics and risk scoring. You will have the opportunity to apply your coding, mathematical and scientific research skills to the bleeding edge of security technology. You’ll be able to leverage large-scale rich data to meaningfully improve our supervised learning models and refine our identification of malicious computer software and behavioral threats. CrowdStrike’s cybersecurity data is one-of-a-kind: we process over 1 trillion behavioral events per day and have over 2000 terabytes of malware samples in our research repository. We are a diverse and multidisciplinary team, and you’ll have the chance to broaden your horizons by working jointly with a team of Big Data, Machine Learning, and Security domain experts on hard and impactful problems.

What You'll Need
Undergraduate or postgraduate degree in a STEM field
Extensive post/undergraduate experience in data science, machine learning, or any field employing computational science or data driven analyses
Programming experience in Python or Scala
You Will
Mine large scale and high dimensional data, identify patterns, and visualize trends
Create predictive models using supervised learning techniques to detect and stop the most sophisticated threats
Innovate new semi-supervised and online learning techniques to enhance our threat detection capabilities and reduce nuisance false positives for our customers.
Work closely with domain experts to improve our raw data and to derive more value from data collected
Hone your ability to balance detail-oriented research with goal-oriented business objectives
Implement and experiment with new algorithms and methodologies to help improve our machine learning models
Automate and visualize analyses, results and processes in our machine learning pipeline
You Are
Passionate about cybersecurity, with a firm understanding of the problem space or passionate about applying your machine learning skillset to new domain areas such as cybersecurity
Versed in utilizing Machine Learning techniques and familiar with the standard algorithms, their trade-offs, their usage, and how to tune them
Have experience working on very large data sets of sparse high dimensional data and experience in pre-processing and analyzing such data to gain actionable insights
An independent self-starter who likes to take ownership and independently seeks out new challenges
Thirsty for knowledge and do not hesitate to step outside of your comfort zone to learn new technologies, algorithms and concepts
Comfortable to dive into a Python codebase, including experience with unit testing and the python packaging ecosystem
Comfortable and experienced working in a Linux environment in the AWS cloud
Analytically minded: never afraid to drill down into a data-set, or debug-deeper into an unfamiliar codebase
Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike
Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration
We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.