Egencia is the world’s leading digital corporate travel platform. We are a trusted business travel partner that delivers the best technology and data driven experiences to help customers all around the world drive success in their business through business travel.

Data drives our business. Come join our Analytic team and take part in defining and distilling that data for key corporate decision makers and our clients around the world.

Position Summary

Egencia Analytics team is seeking a talented candidate for the role of Senior Data Insight Analyst, an intelligent, results-oriented, passionate self-starters to join our global team. Using advanced analytical techniques, the role will support the Egencia business teams through critical projects and influence decisions based on data and analyses to help deliver results.

You will have the opportunity to work on a broad spectrum of areas such as Marketing operations, Customer lifecycle marketing, Campaign performance optimization, Channel Attribution modelling etc.

This position will be highly rewarding and lots of fun. Training and development opportunities will abound in this position, and high-performing individuals will find a long-term career path within the company. This role represents an exciting opportunity to join Egencia, as we define the future of business travel as we lead the industry into a new era.

What You Will Do
Passionate storytelling and bringing data to life by partnering with key stakeholders.
Design and build models to prioritize and classify critical touchpoints along the customer journey to maximize internal guidance and prioritization.
Lead strategic and quantitative analysis to support and enable the continued growth critical to Egencia.
Influence partners and senior leaders by communicating across various levels of the organization in a clear and compelling way.
Maintain, consolidate, and enrich current reports/dashboards to visualize data analysis and insights.
Support ongoing needs for analytical/ operational reporting, and day-to-day needs that impact our Sales and Marketing teams.
Support data migrations, updating links, and ratifying and consolidating existing reports.
Identify, prioritize, and drive operational improvements.

What You Will Bring
Relevant Bachelor’s or Master's degree in any of the following fields: computer science, statistics, mathematics, physical sciences with strong understating of data analytics.
Proven experience with marketing technologies, such as Salesforce, Marketo, JIRA or similar technologies (certified in SFDC is a plus!)
6+ years of work experience in a relevant business environment.
Proficiency in SQL (to feel comfortable manipulating data, creating scripts that combine different data sources and interpret results) and Python/R. Experience using Adobe Analytics/Omniture is a plus.
Strong experience using Tableau to pull data from various sources, develop and publish automated reports and dashboards.
Deep understanding of data and reporting requirements, with the ability to collaborate on analytics models, reporting tools, and return on investment analysis
Ability to perform in a fast-paced environment and be comfortable with ambiguity. A sharp focus on results and solid attention to detail.
Excellent verbal, written communication, and data presentation skills.

What we will offer
Learning and development opportunity.
Mentoring program.
Flexible home working option.
Competitive benefits.
Diverse team that is globally based.

Why join Egencia?

Connections matter when it comes to business, and those connections start with our inclusive team of travel enthusiasts and technologists.

We thrive in a culture of curiosity - constantly reinventing for the future. It's the people that make Egencia special, so we want to make sure they’re happy. We do this by offering flexible work options, competitive benefits packages, learning and development opportunities as well as time to pursue them. And we always make sure we have fun along the way.

Our customers love working with us because we know satisfied customers start with a knowledgeable and enthusiastic team to support them. We trust each other to get great work and we encourage everyone to speak up, speak out, and be themselves.

Business travel is on the road to recovery. As part of the world’s largest corporate travel marketplace, we’re in a strong position to define the future as we lead the industry into a new era.

If this all sounds like something you’d like to jump on-board with, visit Egencia.com or check us out on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook.

Our commitment

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Egencia is wholly owned by American Express Global Business Travel (GBT). GBT is a joint venture that is not wholly owned by American Express Company or any of its subsidiaries (American Express). “American Express Global Business Travel”, “American Express", and the American Express logo are trademarks of American Express and are used under limited license. “American Express Meetings & Events” is a division of GBT.

Relocation (Y/N): N

Location

United States - New York - New York Head Quarters

It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals based on job-related qualifications and ability to perform a job, without regard to age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, creed, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship or marital status, and to maintain a non-discriminatory environment free from intimidation, harassment or bias based upon these grounds.

GBT Recruitment Privacy Statement