As a Data Scientist you will collect and store data on sales numbers, market research, logistics, linguistics and other behaviours. Your main duties will include identifying, gathering, analysing data and making their insights accessible to the company through easy-to-understand graphs, charts, tables and reports. The ideal candidate should be highly skilled in all aspects of data analytics, including mining, generation, and visualization. Additionally, you should be committed to transforming data into readable, goal-driven reports for continued innovation and growth.

Key Responsibilities:
Managing master data, including creation, updates, and deletion.
Managing users and user roles.
Provide quality assurance of imported data, working with quality assurance analysts if necessary.
Commissioning and decommissioning of data sets.
Processing confidential data and information according to guidelines.
Helping develop reports and analysis.
Managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata.
Supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements.
Supporting initiatives for data integrity and normalisation.
Assessing tests and implementing new or upgraded software and assisting with strategic decisions on new systems.
Generating reports from single or multiple systems.
Troubleshooting the reporting database environment and reports.
Evaluating changes and updates to source production systems.
Training end-users on new reports and dashboards.
Providing technical expertise in data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing.

Requirements
excellent numerical and analytical skills
knowledge of data analysis tools
familiarity with other relational databases (e.g. MS Access)
knowledge of data modelling, data cleansing, and data enrichment techniques
Google Analytics, SEO, keyword analysis and web analytics aptitude
the capacity to develop and document procedures and workflows
the ability to carry out data quality control, validation and linkage
an understanding of data protection issues
an awareness and knowledge of industry-specific databases and data sets
experience of statistical methodologies and data analysis techniques
the ability to produce clear graphical representations and data visualisations.