This role is Bristol based with a Hybrid work pattern, working for a highly regarded Consultancy with leading-edge tech and some highly cerebral colleagues.

Sitting in the Asset Integrity team, the Data Scientist will support clients to help them understand and optimise the performance and integrity of components, systems and facilities using a range of tools and approaches. Operating in many sectors including energy (conventional and nuclear energy generation, renewables and oil & gas), transport (rail, maritime, aerospace and automotive, industry (process and manufacture) and defence (all domains).You’ll develop your Data Science skills set and tool kit, your client facing skills and also contribute to some fascinating projects….
Examples of current projects:

Applying deep learning techniques to predict complex material degradation mechanisms.
Using Bayesian inference to diagnose and gain understanding of complex asset integrity problems
Developing digital twins of physical assets using a combination of engineering expertise, data science approaches and software development methodologies.

Requirements:

A degree in a STEM (science, technology, engineering or mathematics) subject – PhD would be ideal
Experience in a related industry (e.g. defence, energy, aerospace, process, maritime)
Knowledge of machine learning techniques and frameworks (e.g. TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, SciKit Learn).
Awareness of good software development practices. This includes experience with developing high-quality software in Python, Matlab, Javascript or Fortran.
Understanding of fundamentals related to structural analysis of mechanical components
Understanding of finite element analysis (including experience with one or more major FEA code)

In return, our client offers outstanding career prospects and development, an excellent remuneration package and a working environment second to none. Speak to any of the team at PeopleGenius about this role and we’ll be happy to elaborate on the client and any of the aforementioned. A full role profile is available on request.
Keywords: Data Scientist, PhD, Data Science, Analytics, PhD Graduate, PhD jobs, Structural Integrity, Materials Science, Deep Learning, Python, Fortran, Matlab, Physical Science, Data Scientist, PhD