Role Context

This position is embedded within a multidisciplinary team at CoMind that is focused on the acquisition, analysis and interpretation of data from our unique neural sensor technology. You will work alongside experts in optics, neuroscience, and data engineering to develop improvements to our data processing methods and data pipelines, extract signal from noise in any way possible, and to develop rigorous methods to verify and validate the scientific and medical value of our signals. An ideal candidate would bring a wealth of experience extracting signals from noisy data, and dealing with biological or medical data. They would combine a focused research mindset; willing to fail-fast while prototyping new ideas, with a passion for clean and robust execution through high quality code.

Essential Functions Of The Role

The analysis and interpretation of time-series data collected using CoMind's proprietary neural sensor.
Research the scientific and medical literature to find new methods to solve problems in varied areas including denoising, signal demixing, signal classification, and signal validation.
Ownership over the analysis and interpretation of specific datasets, including interfacing with clinical collaborators involved in data generation.
Gather requirements from collaborators, synthesize into development work items, describe the plan to colleagues and follow-through with the execution of the plan

You should apply if you have:

5+ years professional experience using statistics and machine-learning to extract meaning from biological or medical data.
PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Biology, Psychology)
Strong communication and data presentation skills
Fluency programming in Python, and wide experience in the Python Data Science ecosystem
Experience bringing models into production, and writing production-ready Python code
Proficient with virtualization software and version control systems, such as git and Docker
General Physics knowledge and a familiarity with optical principles
Adept at participating in scrum-agile process, technical discussions, and technology choices
A willingness to learn new methods, experiment, and take risks

What we offer

Competitive salary plus stock options.
Pension
Breakfast and snacks provided.
An opportunity to change how humans interact with computers and the potential to save lives.
The chance to help grow a company and its culture from the ground up.
A promising career growth opportunity. We would much rather promote people who have exceeded expectations in their current role rather than hire new people.

CoMind is a Neurotechnology start-up focused on delivering non-invasive brain-computer interfaces. We have assembled a world-class team of experts across Neuroscience, Physics and Engineering with the collective mission of building tools to understand and solve the human brain. CoMind’s state of the art proprietary technology will enable scientists and engineers the ability to interface with the brain in ways currently not possible. We believe that this will be the catalyst for a new wave of neuroscience research and enable applied neurotechnology applications to be deployed at scale. CoMind is backed by leading investors such as Octopus Ventures, LocalGlobe, Crane Venture Partners, RT Ventures and BackedVC, alongside several high profile angel investors.