Sound Byte

Lewisham Council is looking to recruit a Data Scientist as part of its Insight, Transformation and Organisational Development function. The service plays a key role in helping the Council to deliver against our priorities and modernise our services and functions in response to the ever-changing needs of our diverse community.

This exciting role will be key as part of a newly formed Data and Insight Team, helping us to achieve our ambitions for Lewisham as we learn lessons from the pandemic, helping us to build our data and insight function and approach and develop a working culture that helps us use data and insight proactively to act upon and inform decision making.

The role

The post holder will be part of our new Data and Insight function which has been created to lead on the better use of data and data science to inform service design across the organisation. This role will be responsible for leading data science projects from start to finish, utilising applied data science techniques to help solve some of the most pressing and complex challenges faced by local/regional government and the wider health and social care ecosystem as well as developing and running models and sharing outputs to support decision making.

We’re ambitious for Lewisham - our borough is a hidden gem in inner south east London. We’re proud of our diversity and we work hard to end inequalities; we are a Borough of Sanctuary with a history of welcoming migrants and refugees; we’re also a hotbed of arts and creativity, which is set to be recognised as we become London Borough of Culture 2021.

We’re facing huge challenges, including the housing crisis, increasing pressure on public services and of course the impact of Covid-19.

Our council is changing fast, with a new executive team and ever changing demands and pressures on our public services. This new post will play a key role in helping us to make sure we meet our priorities and provide the best possible services and opportunities for our residents and our staff.

The post holder will work closely with colleagues in the wider transformation team and services in the council to identify opportunities for using data and insight in new and innovative ways and design and deliver data and insight dashboards, reports and projects that support our service design and transformation, helping us implement innovative solutions to the challenges we face.

Location

Laurence House, Catford, SE6 4RU

What We’re Looking For

The successful candidate will have experience of questioning and challenging conventional thinking, with a continual eye on the bigger picture. They will bring expertise in relevant data skills, a breadth of knowledge in data science topics and relevant programming to build data science products. As part of a new Data and Insight Team, they will be advocates for the data and insights approach across the organisation.

In return, we’ll offer excellent development opportunities, plus a range of benefits that includes a career average pension scheme, flexible working and the opportunity to make a real difference to our local community.

Salary details

£47352 to £49428 per annum (PO5)

N.B: All appointments will be offered at the minimum spinal column point (SCP) for the grade of the role. The only exception to this will be when matching current salary (up to the maximum of the scale), which is subject to evidential proof.

Further information

For an informal discussion, please contact Atika Mohammed (Atika.mohammed@lewisham.gov.uk)

Lewisham Borough Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share in this commitment.

We value diversity and welcome applications from all backgrounds.

To find out more, including a full job description and person specification, and to apply, please visit our website via the button below and search council vacancies

Closing date

Sunday 2 October 2022, 11:59pm

The Council reserves the right to close adverts early if there is a large response.