Who we are
Hall & Partners is a team of unconventional thinkers, obsessed with how marketing influences the relationship between people, brands and culture. Born out of ad land, we are the insight agency known for weaving creativity with science.

We distil data through a strategic lens to reveal ‘uncommon insights’ – human truths tailored to individual brands, not black box data available to the masses. We partner with clients to shape health brand strategy and optimise marketing performance. Our award-winning approach amplifies insights across every business area, propelling marketing decision-making to create an unmatched competitive advantage.

Hall & Partners is a part of Omnicom’s Communications Consultancy Network. For more information, visit www.hallandpartners.com.

Role and Responsibility areas

Core responsibilities
There are five core capability areas that a Marketing Scientist at H&P delivers on:
1) Client Builder - Building valuable relationships with clients
As a Marketing Scientist you will be a part of the Analytics team, building strong relationships with those at all levels in the Insights team and delivering analyses that answer client questions. You are able to speak knowledgably about analytics design and findings in internal meetings.
2) Business Developer – Driving business growth with commercial acumen
As a Marketing Scientist you have a good understanding of the breadth of analytics work we do for our clients and what else we could do for them, sharing ideas for and contributing to analytics solutions
3) Expert in craft - Doing the day job brilliantly
You understand and are proficient in advanced analytics techniques (multivariate techniques, clustering/segmentation, conjoint/choice modelling), and are able to extract insight from complex analyses and work with the insights team to create deliverables and tell compelling stories with the data.
4) Team Player – Giving and getting the best from the team
As a Marketing Scientist you are an active contributor to analytics projects, asking the right questions and bringing in senior team members when needed. You work effectively with others, value and listen to all POVs, and champion collaboration.
5) Role model - Embodying H&P Values to build meaning for our clients and people
The Hall & Partner values are all about being Creative, Curious, Courageous and Collaborative, all grounded in a strong Community. We expect all our people to demonstrate and work by these values every day.

COMMUNITY
We have created an inclusive and supportive environment. Everyone is encouraged to contribute, and every idea and opinion is respected. When one of us succeeds, we all celebrate.
COLLABORATION
We do great work by inspiring each other and having fun along the way. We forge strong connections with each other, our clients and our network by being honest and loyal partners.
CREATIVITY
We improvise and experiment to solve problems when solutions don’t already exist. We make the complex feel simple. Our thinking delights clients and helps them see problems in a different light.
CURIOSITY
We never stop asking questions. We keep digging until we find genuinely uncommon insights. We’re always pushing ourselves to improve the value we offer to clients.
COURAGE
We encourage our clients, and each other to try new things, to learn and to grow. We see every challenge as an opportunity to be bold and original.

Key attributes
Relevant qualifications in statistics, economics, or other quantitative background
Strong communication and management skills - able to prioritise to deliver outstanding quality on time
Strong critical thinking skills and ability to come to leaders with solutions.
Proficiency with statistical software such as:
SPSS (essential)
MS Office including advanced Excel including LOOKUPs (essential) and VBA (desirable)
R (desirable)
SAS, SQL, Python (not essential)
Practical experience running analyses and predictive models such as:
Linear or logistic regression (essential)
Structural Equation Modelling (SEM): (desirable)
Other key driver methods e.g. Shapley, Kruskal, Elastic Net (desirable)
Factor analysis (desirable)

What we offer you
We believe we have a unique culture. It’s a difficult thing to put into words but it’s all about being challenging yet treating each other with respect. We are naturally curious, and we love to learn and discover new things.
We nurture opinions and really respect people who have a point of view and aren’t afraid to share their thinking. We work as teams and responsibilities sit with everyone in that team, whatever their job title. A can-do attitude goes a long way in our business, and we don't tolerate egos!
We are passionate about helping our people to learn, stretch and grow. We want this to be a place where people feel challenged, as well as guided and supported. When you are not learning from some of the smartest people in insight, you can also take advantage of our Learn training program and attend interactive training sessions and “OutsideIn” sessions with industry experts, that build your skills for the future.
UK Benefits
We want our people to feel rewarded for the great work they do. Here are some of the benefits we offer.
Hybrid work environment, mix of office and WFH
Private healthcare
Permanent health insurance
Salary sacrifice pension scheme
Group life insurance
25 days holiday plus bank holidays and discretionary Christmas shut down
Additional week’s holiday after 4 years continued service
Discretionary summer Friday bonus days
Paid day off each year to volunteer
Monthly financial planning clinic
Interest free season ticket loan
A 50 gift voucher for each birthday
Eye test & £50 contribution to glasses
Childcare vouchers
Cycle to work scheme
Equal opportunity employer
Hall & Partners is an equal opportunity employer and recognise the importance of a truly diverse workforce.
Our teams possess a rich mixture of talent where everyone’s contribution is encouraged and valued
We maintain an Equal Opportunities, Diversity and Anti-Harassment Policy to inform, guide and encourage equal opportunities practices within the Company.
We also support organisations such as Women of the Future and Their World, as well as proactively partner within Omnicom (our parent company) across employee resource groups including OpenPride, OpenDisability and Omniwomen & Allies
We welcome applications from individuals regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, disability, sexuality, social background, religion and/or belief.