Senior Data Scientist

About the team:

The Data Science team at Luno unlocks value hidden in the huge volumes of data we collect to provide fast and deep insights to help inform our product development and business strategy. The team is part of the broader Product team at Luno, which includes Product Management, Product Design and Customer Research.

This role will be part of the Data Science team that is headed up by Gorden, Luno’s Head of Data Science. Meet him here.

Luno offer a remote but reachable working approach. Find out more here.

The role in a nutshell:

As we accelerate on our mission to put crypto in everyone’s hands, we will need to understand how customers are using our product and improve the decisions we make through better information. You’ll be focussed on this critical step of creating better information from multiple data sources to guide our decision making and help us build better products and improve our processes.

Your mission will be:

Use data to learn about our customers and how they are using our product
Collaborate with engineers, product managers and product designers to optimising product performance
Building reports and dashboards for business stakeholders
Design metrics to accurately assess product performance and business health
Formulating business requirements into analytical objectives
Sifting through diverse data sets to generate hypotheses
Designing and running experiments to validate hypotheses
Hacking through complex business problems using statistics and advanced analytics to provide insights towards making better decisions and building better products
Implementing systems and processes to help scale our insights

A little about you:

You have a Bachelor's degree or higher in the natural sciences or technical fields
You are passionate about data science and related disciplines
Because of your knack for statistical analysis, you can leverage data science and analytics to innovate and create out-of-the-box solutions
You can gather and synthesise facts, theories, trends, patterns, inferences, and key issues in complex and variable situations
You possess an understanding of financial mathematics and technical analysis
You are intellectually curious and have the persistence to find answers to difficult questions
You can diagnose problems using formal problem-solving tools and techniques
You have strong interpersonal and communication skills
You communicate technical concepts to non-experts in simple and helpful terms
You are a team player, enthusiastic about growing and developing others
You can handle uncertain and ambiguous scenarios
You keep abreast of developments and emerging trends in Data Science, and influence what is next for Luno

Life at Luno:

Forward-thinking and ambitious team that values diversity, hard work, and the continuous quest for excellence.
Remote but reachable work policy gives you the freedom to choose between working from home or the office.
Improve body and mind, with excellent private medical insurance.
Free training courses on Udemy and CodeAcademy.
Generous maternity / paternity and even paw-ternity for your furry friend.
Annual Inspiration Day.
A collaborative, friendly work community, with regular social events and virtual cooking, dancing, drawing and house planting classes hosted by our Lunauts.
Free lunch and snacks.
Free access to Headspace – a full library of guided meditations, sleep stories, and music.
0 fees with Luno from the day you start.

About us:

Luno makes it simple to buy, store and explore crypto. More than 10 million people have chosen to invest in crypto with Luno using our platform, which is available on Apple, Android and as a desktop experience. We’ve enabled over $52bn of transactions and we securely store over $1bn for our customers around the world.

Our mission is to put the power of crypto in everyone's hands because we believe that giving people access to a robust and fair financial system is a basic human right. We are with customers at every step of their investment journey with clear, jargon-free information and an easy-to-use app experience that helps people get started from as little as $10.

In order to make crypto accessible to everyone, everywhere, we’re on the ground in more than 40 markets across North America, Africa, Asia and Europe. We are registered with all local financial intelligence authorities and proud of our strong Anti-Money Laundering measures and world-leading compliance teams. All the crypto we store for our customers is regularly verified by independent auditors. Luno is the trusted guide that will bring crypto to over 1 billion people by 2030.

Luno offers a "Remote but Reachable" working policy. Please check out the details HERE

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not negatively discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.