Location: London, The Speechmark (Hybrid)

Salary: Competitive

Hours: 37.5 Monday – Friday

Safety Notice: To ensure candidate and employee safety, we are continuing with our virtual hiring and onboarding processes until further notice.

Join Vodafone UK Big Data and work with sophisticated technologies, turning unstructured data into something pragmatic, to solve real-world problems.

What will you be doing?
Creating advanced analytics and machine learning solutions that provide actionable business insight to Vodafone and its stakeholders.
Developing predictive models with large and varied datasets, working with a community of colleagues across advanced analytics, technology, and data and customer functions
Contributing to the wider community to enable an advanced analytics capability across Vodafone globally.
Who are we looking for?
Professional and/or academic experience with deep statistical modelling techniques.
Experience in using big data and machine learning techniques to develop models and algorithms from large volumes of data.
Experience in visualisation, creating graphical static and interactive displays of multidimensional data sets that clearly communicate insight
Excellent interpersonal communication and presentation skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment across multinational functional teams
Analytical and critical thinking with a strong desire to deliver and develop
Expertise in data manipulation: use of structured data tools (e.g., SQL), & unstructured data tools and platforms (e.g., Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL)
What’s in it for you?

An excellent remuneration and bonus package with 28 days holiday entitlement, in addition to bank holidays and paid leave for charity projects. We offer an extensive and flexible benefits package that can be tailored to suit you and your family. We’re proud to provide a Reconnect programme with flexibility for individuals returning to work after a career break. From our market-leading parental leave policies through to employee discounts, retail vouchers, pension plan and share schemes we are committed to supporting you throughout your career with Vodafone.

Together we can

Vodafone UK are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and all offers of employment for this role are subject to background checks, including criminal (DBS) and financial checks to meet the regulators standards.