The Role

Hybrid Intelligence, a Capgemini Engineering team, is looking for a talented Senior Data Scientist/Software Developer with a background in science, mathematics or engineering to join us. You will have the opportunity to use a range of skills to create, develop and deliver solutions that truly make a difference in the world. Candidates must be eligible to obtain SC clearance in order to support clients in the UK defence industry.

Responsibilities

Projects can span a range of activities and your responsibilities will include

You will help our clients solve a variety of science and engineering problems.

Combining domain knowledge and technical skills to understand and solve the complex challenges facing our clients.
Using data science, analytics and a variety of analytical, statistical or machine learning techniques to interpret client data, helping them to make better-informed business decisions.
Designing and developing custom software solutions or tools.
Building strong relationships, communicating and collaborating with clients and colleagues.

Our projects are exciting and rewarding and provide plenty of opportunities to learn and develop. They can be based either on client sites or in our offices, so you will be expected to undertake regular travel, usually no more than one hour from your base office. You will be assigned to projects based on your existing skills and experience, but you will also learn new domains and technologies and apply innovative thinking and transferable skills to solve new challenges.

We offer excellent prospects for your future. While we do offer traditional career paths, most staff end up shaping their own based on their aspirations, the skills they have developed and the projects they have worked on. We take personal development seriously and all staff receive an annual training allowance of 150 hours, which can be used to learn new technical and soft skills, often leading to recognised professional qualifications.

Requirements

Must be eligible to obtain SC clearance in order to support clients in the UK defence industry.
PhD in Physical Science (Ideally Physics or Chemistry). This is important in order to speak the same language as our clients and understand their industry-related challenges.
Academic or industrial experience in one or more of Statistics, Thermodynamics, Flow or Fluid Mechanics.
Experience of Modelling and Simulation of Physical Processes, ideally supported by skills in one or more of Time Series analysis, Optimal Estimation and Filtering, Statistics, Signal Processing.
Data Science and Machine Learning experience, ideally in an industrial setting.
Mathematical Modelling experience and ability with software tools such as Fortran, C, C++, Python etc… to solve physics based problems.
Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to explain complex concepts to clients and colleagues from all backgrounds.
The eagerness and capacity to quickly learn new domains and technologies.
Some experience of Software Development & Productionisation, Data Visualisation, Data Engineering would be an advantage.
Experience of Line Management and/or guiding the careers of others would be an advantage.

About Us

As a member of the Hybrid Intelligence team of Capgemini Engineering you will work on a variety of innovative and rewarding projects that make a difference. Our work is a fusion of applied mathematics, scientific computing, AI, and software engineering. We deliver ground-breaking, multi-disciplinary solutions for our R&D-driven clients tackling humanity’s generational challenges, from discovering new drug treatments to harnessing green energy.

We are dedicated to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We appreciate individuals for who they are and value the diversity they bring to the workplace. We are proud of our culture, where a positive attitude, supportive colleagues and commitment to continuous learning are all valued. The wellbeing and engagement of all staff is our priority, and we work in a collaborative, cooperative environment with a good work-life balance. We offer an excellent salary and benefits package including a range of flexible benefits, which staff can tailor to fit their needs. We also support flexible working requests where possible.

Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. It is a multicultural company of over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries.