Are you interested in enabling Arm’s engineering teams to design products using the power of machine learning and statistics?

Are you passionate about working in a team that thrives on creativity, innovation, and diversity?

Arm is using Machine Learning and Data Science techniques to empower our engineers to make data-driven decisions, and to build automated workflows that enable our engineers to deliver more complex products. Based in the “Machine Learning for Verification” (ML4V) team in Arm’s Productivity Engineering group, this role will directly impact Arm’s production engineering processes, and help improve future generations of Arm-based technology used by 70% of the world’s population!

As a data scientist in ML4V, you will be responsible for ensuring that our machine learning pipelines are correctly integrated into engineering workflows and performing well for the company. This means that you will ensure our data science pipelines have a stable implementation for on-prem and cloud infrastructures, and you will assess and improve their performance and impact on the engineering workflows. You will explore new opportunities and develop new data science solutions that show potential for meaningful impact when put into production. This collection of activities and responsibilities will enable you to build your skills across the entire data science pipeline from early exploration to deployment.

Responsibilities

Take Data Science projects from inception to production
Develop high quality Data Science pipelines using Python
Monitor and assess performance of deployed Data Science pipelines
Meet customer requirements with Data Science solutions
Discuss and explain results to technical and non-technical customers
Contribute to the deployment process of Data Science products by working closely with infrastructure engineers, data engineers and verification engineers.
Required Skills and Experience

University Degree in STEM subject
Good understanding of statistics e.g., hypothesis testing.
Deep understanding of supervised and unsupervised machine learning problems and techniques e.g., regression, classification, and clustering
Experience coding with Python, especially libraries such as scikit-learn, pandas and matplotlib etc.
Knowledge of good software development practices
Great teamwork, willing to collaborate with and support others in the team
Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills
Passion for new skills and knowledge
Embrace diversity and inclusion in workplace, open to different ideas and cultures
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
“Nice To Have” Skills and Experience

Working experience in data science.
A master or PhD degree in relevant fields such as statistics, computer science, bioinformatics, applied mathematics, computer engineering, applied physics etc
Knowledge and passion in fields of deep learning such as computer vision and natural language processing as well as tools such as Tensorflow, Keras and Pytorch
Experience with continuous deployment.
Experience working on deployment of data science pipelines
Experience leading projects and working with multiple functionalities to drive targets
In Return

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of any characteristic.

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of any characteristic.