WELCOME TO UTOPIA

Music is incredible. It can excite hundreds, and unite thousands. But as an industry, it has been slow, complicated, and disparate. While the tech world has moved into the future, the music industry continues to be shaped by inefficient systems of the past. At Utopia we believe there is a better way. Which is why today we are setting out to transform the entire industry; creating new revenue streams, consolidating the data and decluttering the admin. Unlocking the industry’s full potential by unifying it all in one truly holistic space. Some might call that a Utopia.

Funnily enough, so do we. Welcome to Utopia. Where music lives.

What Utopians Do

The open secret is that the music industry is struggling with the very basics of music accounting: What was played, when and where? Who should get paid and how much?

Utopia Music is bridging the data gap by connecting global consumption, accurate metadata, and fast payments to an industry-wide trust platform. Our goal is to unlock creative value and enable Fair Pay For Every Play to make a better world for Music. The solutions we offer do not threaten to usurp the role of industry incumbents - it is about bringing transparency in the industry and supporting efficient royalty collection for all.

THE ROLE

At Utopia we continuously evaluate the value of music catalogs and would like to go from monitoring towards forecasting. To this end, we would like you to help us build a forecasting engine that, based on previous metrics from a song’s or an artist’s performance can predict the future evolution of a song’s/artist’s performance and accompanying financial metrics.

For this position, we are looking for people with a track record in time series analysis, forecasting / predictive analytics who can devise and prototype such an engine, given the manyfold data streams we receive as input. This engine is then going to be built together with you in a team of engineers and data scientists / data engineers.

The mission is to build a reliable, scalable solution for forecasting a catalog’s value.

Responsibilities
Research and explore time series forecasting algorithms
Prototype and validate a royalty forecasting solution
Solve scalability challenges for forecasting of large volumes of data
Define appropriate metrics and evaluate the proposed solution
Coordinate with [data] engineers to set up and build the right databases, data lakes, data pipelines, services, etc.
Coordinate with infrastructure team on providing the appropriate resources to fulfill the mission
Collaborate and thrive in a cross-functional team of engineers, data scientists, engineering leads and product leads
Follow our agile processes and Scrum methodology, working in a product squad

REQUIREMENTS
MSc or PhD in Computer Science, (Business) Analytics, Machine Learning, AI or related fields
preferably 2+ years of industry experience on a forecasting topic
Strong understanding of time series analysis / forecasting related problems and approaches
Strong coding skills and good knowledge of relevant frameworks
Rigor in documentation and testing
Goal-driven and product-oriented mindsetAbility to work in a team as well as independently
Proficiency in English

WHAT WE OFFER
Great atmosphere - we live, love & breathe music & tech!
Working in an impact oriented team and inclusive company culture.
An experienced team to learn from, with proven track records in multiple startups and big tech companies.
Our flexible remote policy provides Utopians the freedom to work either from one of our inspiring offices or from home.
We celebrate being an international and multicultural company.
Competitive benefits; packages depend on location. You’ll be given more details on this during the interview process.

THE HIRING PROCESS
You send us your CV in English
We invite you for an introductory video call with the Talent Acquisition team to get to know you better and share more about us

UTOPIANS

As we want to bring transparency, trust, and clarity to the music industry we serve, we know a change comes from within. Utopia is a transparent, trust-based organization striving to have clarity in thinking and doing what we set out to do.

We execute urgently and innovate to grow faster. We ship things that make a difference today, so we can make them better tomorrow. We embrace fairness and are all accountable.

Strictly diverse and inclusive. We are an equal opportunity employer.

We celebrate our diverse backgrounds and we welcome everyone who identifies with the above to apply. Welcome to Utopia - Where Music Lives!

We’re eager to meet You! :)

Utopia Music is a Swiss Music fintech company leveling up the Music Industry through clear, transparent, and reliable data-based solutions. We support the whole Industry to make more money, faster, with less costs, and less errors.

In Utopia, the Industry sees market opportunities live. Investors elevate Music catalogs into a real asset class. Collection societies track more and spend less. Labels, publishers, and distributors simplify and enhance their business. And everyone gets Fair Pay for Every Play.

Utopia is serving the music copyrights and the industry from creation to consumption, and will never compete against it. It means that we will never own copyrights. We will never be owned by the major stakeholders of the industry. We will never share or sell data of our customers to anyone else.