NLP Data Scientist X2

Unit : CIO Portfolio
Salary : £43,414 to £51,805
Location : Milton Keynes
Please quote reference : 20298
Terms : Full-time, fixed term contract until 31st July 2023.
Closing Date : 12 October, 2022 - 12:00

Change your career, change lives

The Open University is the UK’s largest university, a world leader in flexible part-time education combining a mission to widen access to higher education with research excellence, transforming lives through education.

The CDO function is a key part of the CIO Portfolio in Professional Services. We have a simple mission: we're here to enable the university to use its data to deliver on its vision and strategy. Everything we do is linked in some way to enabling the OU to reach more students with life-changing learning.

The role

The role holder will be working in a team of Data Scientists and ML Engineers who will be engaging with end-users in providing expertise to build a range of powerful machine learning models that are required to drive learning and insight to enhance student success within The Open University. These models will be delivered using advanced data science approaches including predictive models and NLP algorithms.

Although this role is aligned to our Milton Keynes office, we are flexible on location across the UK, but will require occasional attendance onsite.

Skills and experience

Do you possess a degree or equivalent experience in a numerical subject?
Do you use advanced NLP techniques & approaches to solve specific business problems?
Do you have technical understanding of the most commonly NLP used algorithms for topic detection, topic classification and sentiment analysis?
Do you have knowledge of deep learning models (CNN, RNN, LSTM and transformers?)?
Do you have experience in programming Python and SQL?
Do you have experience with cloud computing and want to learn more in this domain?
Can you tell simple and persuasive stories with data, presenting complex pieces of analysis in an impactful way that can be understood by both technical and non-technical audiences?

If the answer to these questions is yes – we want to hear from you!

What you get in return

We offer a great range of benefits that support our employees and their families for the long term, including 33 days holiday per annum plus Bank Holidays and Christmas closure days, an attractive pension proposition and free parking on campus.

Colleagues wellbeing and development is at the forefront of our culture. We embrace diversity and recognise and reward our employees for the fantastic work they do. For more information about our people and wellbeing focus, please contact the Resourcing Hub.

How to apply

Follow the apply link to be taken to the vacancy on our jobs page where you can find further details about the role and full instructions on how to apply.

The Open University is committed to equality, diversity and inclusion, which is reflected in our mission to be open to people, places, methods and ideas. We aim to foster a diverse and inclusive environment so that all our staff can reach their potential and attract diverse candidates. We recognise that different people bring different perspectives, ideas, knowledge, and culture, and that this difference brings great strength.

We offer a range of inclusive employment policies which include family and carer friendly flexible working arrangements, and have many supportive staff networks and wellbeing services. We also endorse the principles of Athena SWAN, with commitment from all levels of the organisation in promoting gender equity.