Lead Data Scientist

Retail Bank

Salary Negotiable DOE

Edinburgh/Fully Remote

My client are a large retail bank, who are looking to build a state of the art Data Science function within the business and require a technical lead, an expert in data science, to lead the development and deployment of predictive models delivering benefit to the business and the customer. Working in a project environment to drive forward data science with tangible benefits.

This is an excellent opportunity to join a well renowned bank, who's focus is on digital/data solutions to grow the business, this is a good fit for those who enjoy giving ownership and freedom over their solutions, are comfortable managing a small team and with plans to progress into a Data Science Manager role.

Skills & Qualifications

5 years experience of data science and predictive modelling to tackle business problems in banking commercial and/or credit risk.
5 years working in a fast paced project environment.
Strong background in maths/stats, computer science
Grasp of profit / loss drivers in retail banking and an understanding of credit risk principles and application.

Role & Responsibilities

Lead the technical end-to-end design and deployment of predictive models using data science methods to deliver powerful tools to make better customer and business decisions.
Be the technical interface with business stakeholders to ensure commercial and credit risk requirements are accurately captured and data science solutions are delivered in the right form to meet their needs.
Always keep the customer in sight and ensure a Minimal Viable Product is delivered to make a tangible difference.
Support the Data Science Manager in growing the technical capability of Data Science colleagues and be an advocate for Data Science across the Customer Division.
Keep abreast of Data Science innovation with external centres of excellence and be the expert point of contact for data science use cases across the Bank.
Ensure that all models are built and used within the Bank's model governance framework. Act as the lead contact with internal oversight functions.
Be the lead technical interface into other areas of Analytics and the wider Customer division to extract tangible value from data science solutions delivered by the team.

Benefits

Excellent salary
Bonus of up to 25%
Flexible Work from Home

This is an excellent opportunity that won't be around for long, so if this is of interest or you can recommend anyone suitable who you know is on the market, please apply or reach out to Mhairi from Jefferson Frank.

Email: m.allan@jeffersonfrank.com

Phone: 0191 338 7547