Role Summary:

Data Scientists at Sensor Tower are hybrid data scientists and software engineers. You would take data all the way from doing initial analysis to building data pipelines to final model implementation and monitoring. Data Scientists take full ownership of the back-end of the products they’re working on.

We are looking for a hands-on thinker to help harvest new insights from our constantly growing foundation of quantitative information collected from the mobile app ecosystem.

Responsibilities
Prototype machine learning models in Python or Ruby
Work with MongoDB and analyze query performance to ensure calculation efficiency
Write tests for the implementation of machine learning models
Collaborate with back-end engineers to understand the raw data being collected
Collaborate with front-end engineers to create data visualizations for both external and internal customers
Conduct ad-hoc data analysis based on requests from the Sales, CSM or Contents team
Present results of various data analysis

Requirements
Master’s degree or above in mathematics, statistics, or computer science
3+ years applied experience in business intelligence, data mining, analytics, or statistical modeling in technology or mobile industries OR 2+ years applied experience in data science in mobile market intelligence
Ability to write code that is ready for production (Python and Ruby preferred)
Experience with adjusting data for bias
Substantial experience with databases, querying data, and data structure manipulation
Ability to communicate effectively with technical developers and non-technical marketing business partners
Ability to produce rough timelines for deliveries plus solid understanding of steps necessary to complete a project
Ability to come up with a rough project structure from scratch
Ability to critically analyse given data, ask probing questions, and perform own research
Substantial knowledge of statistical modeling techniques
Mastery of one or more statistical visualization or graphing toolkits such as Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, or Google Spreadsheets

About Sensor Tower

Sensor Tower is a high-growth SaaS company that provides accurate, comprehensive, and customizable mobile market economy analytics to app developers, game developers, industry analysts and investors. Founded in 2013, Sensor Tower has grown from a $1M seed investment to being profitable and in 2020 we received a $42M growth investment from Riverwood Capital.

Why Sensor Tower?

Our flexible work environment allows employees to live in greater connection with the people, places, and activities they love!

Our benefits include:
Flexible time off so employees can shape their time away from work
Health and wellness stipend to achieve and maintain a healthy lifestyle through physical and mental fitness
Monthly internet stipend and a one-time $500 home office stipend

We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, and veteran status. We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. If you have a disability or special need, please do not hesitate to let us know and we'll do our best to accommodate.