The Role

Data is at the centre of our ability to add value to our customers and to our business. Fraud prevention, marketing optimisation, churn prevention, payment failure optimisation and upsell propensity are all areas of active work. You will work closely with cross-discipline teams, taking responsibility for end to end algorithm development from initial concept through to production readiness.

We are looking for Senior Data Scientists that will help us build predictive models that substantially increase the value that we provide to our customers and the efficiency of our operations by building new data products that leverage our growing volume of raw data.
You will develop and productionise data products and predictive models in collaboration with your team. Working with Product Managers, software developers and subject matter experts, you’ll bring your own expertise to the team helping to move from abstract concepts, through design and build, to scalable algorithms that will deliver the teams goals.
You will play a part in specifying the underlying infrastructure we are building to support the day to day work of Data Scientists and to enable models to be easily productionised.
You will create meaningful data visualisations that communicate your findings and relate them back to how your insights create business impact.

Desired skills
You’re a self-starter - you can independently drive a team's work forward, finding and exploiting opportunities where data science can impact our business objectives.
You love digging into data and uncovering actionable insights
You’re passionate about using data to help teams become more productive
You have intellectual curiosity
You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms.
You'll have commercial experience building robust ML models in a production environment.
You have strong technical skills in data manipulation and extraction (strong SQL knowledge), data analysis and model prototyping and productionisation (Python, R or similar)
You have solid experience of deep-dive analysis of complex data; managing data quality; feature selection; and prototyping, validation, and productionisation of Machine Learning models.
You’ll be able to point to a range of different techniques to solve a problem and demonstrate how you're able to apply maths to data and deliver tangible, quantifiable business results.
You have strong data visualisation skills
You're comfortable with writing and maintaining code. Our preference is that your language of choice for data-wrangling is Python. However, R is also an option during prototyping phases
You have a track record of deploying predictive models and data products in production with quantifiable impact.