Data Scientist London - £50,000 - Hybrid Working

Python, SQL

This is a fantastic opportunity to join a fast-paced dynamic team based in East London and sitting in the retention marketing team.

The ideal candidate will be able to work well both in dealing with conceptual problems and data strategy as well as being able to support the team with data led thinking and high-level data analysis.

Key Responsibilities
Setting up automation pipelines in Python and SQL to flow data in and out of CRM platform for reporting, personalisation and use in data warehousing (Redshift)
Writing, managing, and troubleshooting template logic written in Freemarker.
Building proprietary algorithms for use in CRM campaigns, targeted at improving all areas of customer lifecycle.
Working with big datasets to segment audiences on a large scale.
Driving innovation by planning and implementing a range of AB tests.
Acting as a technical touchpoint for developer and product teams to push projects over the line.
Integrating product initiatives into CRM, and performing user acceptance testing (UAT)
Interacting with multiple departments, and presenting to our executive team to help them understand CRM activities and plan new initiatives.
Creating alert systems and troubleshooting tools to check in on health of automated jobs running in Jenkins and CRM platform.
Setting up automated reporting in Amazon Quicksight.
This Data Scientist role would suit a well-rounded data-focused individual with the ability to work conceptually and a desire to tackle interesting problems. You are comfortable working fast and making things tangible in an innovation environment, prototyping quickly for feedback and iteration. You are keen to learn and extend the breadth of your skills both technically and non-technically, and youre excited by shaping our solutions to problems, meeting stakeholder and collaborating with people from diverse backgrounds.

You Will Have

Flexible programming ability, and excellent knowledge of usingPython

Knowledge of databases and ability to use SQL to query data

The capacity to work with users and stakeholders to collaboratively develop and present software designs and outcomes