Join Watchfinder and build your career today!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APv4PrNWiZU&feature=embtitle

Data science is a growing team here at Watchfinder that develops & maintains a variety of scalable data solutions which support Watchfinder by improving proﬁtability and growth as well as providing deep analytical insight for decision makers. To be successful, we need to develop, through advanced analytical techniques, powerful models, tools, and insights that give Watchfinder a unique, competitive advantage.

HOW WILL YOU MAKE AN IMPACT?

The successful applicant will help Watchfinder discover the information hidden within the company’s data stores, helping the company to make smarter decisions across both retail and operational functions, applying data mining techniques, statistical analysis, and machine learning techniques to test corporate driven hypotheses and optimise all aspects of the business.
Work effectively with business partners to understand the business problems they are trying to solve and help to develop the best-suited analytics solution.
Collaborate in cross-functional teams and share ideas to solve complex business problems.
Build close partnerships with peers across the organization to support project goals and broader team needs.
Maintain a variety of scalable data solutions, ensuring they are still fit for purpose or acquire additional R&D with the latest technologies/solutions that arise.
Take the lead on new projects, providing a consultative approach to the most appropriate technologies to use for specific requirements.
Deliver impactful business results through the development and delivery of cutting-edge machine learning models
Leverage Big Data tools and techniques to build innovative solutions using appropriate modelling techniques
Deliver high quality meaningful data science by performing ad hoc analysis to predict, measure and interpret business trends.
Demonstrate a culture of analytical ‘curiosity’ through innovative, data driven insights on business questions.
Discover, explore, and analyse internal and external datasets for the purpose of developing advanced analytics models.

HOW WILL YOU EXPERIENCE SUCCESS WITH US?

Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics or similar and an appreciation of analytics and statistics.
Proven experience with Python and common libraries such as Pandas, Numpy, Tensorflow, Scikit-learn.
Proven experience and understanding of key machine learning concepts including linear/logistic regression, clustering, recommendation engines and neural networks/deep learning.
Experience with computer vision technologies including object detection & image classification.
Experience of predictive modelling/forecasting.
Excellent data cleaning and transformation skills, along with knowledge of extracting data from SQL databases.
Experience with cloud platforms like GCP, AWS and/or Microsoft Azure.
Excellent communication skills, including ability to present technical concepts clearly (in writing, face-to-face discussions and on conference calls), write project evaluations, pitch ideas effectively and persuasively to clients / internal stakeholders, etc.

HOW DO WE KEEP YOU SMILING?

As a significant member of the Watchfinder community, you are also part of a much bigger family at Richemont. We strongly believe in internal development, mobility and offering various opportunities to enhance both your personal and professional development. At Watchfinder, you will find a passionate and a collaborative environment. We operate according to our values of Connected, Curious, Innovative and Inclusivity. As such, we work closely as a team and empower our colleagues to take ownership and become creative in our pursuit of excellence.

You will have the opportunity for your voice to be heard, drive change, and make a real impact from day one. This is a fast-growing company, going through an exciting period of change from a UK centric business to an international company. Giving you the opportunity to grow and gain further opportunities in the future.

On top of this we offer a competitive salary and benefits package which includes:
Private healthcare and dental
Life Assurance/Income Protection
Competitive pension scheme
Season ticket loan
Holiday scheme
Cycle to work scheme
Employee Assistant programme
Extensive group discounts

YOUR JOURNEY WITH US!

We aim to provide a valuable recruitment process here at Watchfinder, allowing you to gain exposure to key decision-makers and influencing individuals:

1st Stage – After your application has been selected, our friendly talent team will reach out to you within two weeks to conduct and introductory call via teams.

2nd stage – Video call with our Lead Data Scientist & Another team member. If successful, you will then be asked to complete a short assignment.

3rd Stage - Technical debrief of the assignment set with the lead Data Scientist and meet & greet with our CPO.