The Vacancy
The post holder has a key role in ensuring the successful delivery of the company’s data science strategy across a high-volume product portfolio. They will work as part of a Data Science team to deliver the pricing and marketing strategy using innovative machine learning and advanced analytics techniques. Within the data science team at Domestic and General culture plays a major role in achieving success, the ability to work collaboratively in an innovative environment is important.
Responsibilities:
Evolve and continuously improve the company’s data science models using advanced analytic and machine learning techniques.
Contribute to the ongoing development of the overall data science strategy.
Where required act as a project lead within the data science team.
Deliver comprehensive analyses and modelling projects. As well as upholding data science standards across the team.
Ensure technically and commercially viable solutions are delivered for new and renewed product requirements.
Be able to analyse, communicate and explain pricing & marketing recommendations in a way that will influence key stakeholders from across the business.
Monitor performance, profitability and competitor behaviour to help build and maintain price optimisation algorithms.
Ensure that pricing recommendations result in customers being treated fairly.
Take responsibility and help upskill more junior colleagues
Systems Knowledge:
Experience of specialist pricing software such as Earnix.
AWS Experience
Proficient of a range of programming and statistical tools, preferably Python and SQL
Person Specification:
Skills - Essential
Excellent at data wrangling
High level of numerical accuracy and attention to detail.
In-depth statistical skills and ability to build machine learning models.
Excellent relationship management.
Innovative and pragmatic problem solver.
Able to explain complex pricing and data science theories to non-technical colleagues clearly and with authority.
Understanding and ability to actively implement statistical tests and analyses, Scripting and automation techniques for efficient model implementations
Desirable:
Experience using price optimisation software such as Earnix
Presentation
Knowledge:
Strong understanding of pricing models and methodology as well as the key drivers of performance.
Risk Modelling
Machine Learning models such as GBMs, GLMs and unsupervised clustering
Experience:
Insurance pricing/marketing experience or similar product lines, across various distribution channels.
Previous modelling and analytics experience (with emphasis on predictive modelling) is crucial.
Qualification:
Degree level
Leadership Strengths:
Able to deliver against tight and changing deadlines and priorities.
Effective collaborator.
Takes accountability and ownership.