Most companies try to meet expectations, dunnhumby exists to defy them. Using big data, deep expertise and AI-driven platforms to decode the 21st century human experience – then redefine it in meaningful and surprising ways that put customers first. Across digital, mobile and retail. For brands like Tesco, Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo.

We’re looking for a talented Research Data Scientist who expects more from their career. It’s a chance to extend and improve dunnhumby’s Price & Promotions scientific portfolio. It’s an opportunity to work with a market-leading business to explore new opportunities for us and influence global retailers.

Joining our Data Science team, you’ll work with world class and passionate people to apply machine learning, statistical, and econometrics methods to business problems. You’ll support our high-performing Price & Promotions experts by developing mathematical models, creative methods to address new and complex problems and perform data analysis and model validation. You’ll also have the opportunity to document and present analysis to internal teams and clients.

What We Expect From You
Passion about designing generative models from first principles whenever possible.
Pragmatic approach to modelling with a care to preserve theoretical validity and practical use.
Good working knowledge any of: Maximum Likelihood Theory, Mixed Effects Models, Hierarchical Models, Bayesian Inference (MAP/Sampling).
If the above points resonate with you, it is also likely that you will have:
Degree or equivalent in a statistical or mathematical subject.
Postgraduate degree or recent relevant experience of conducting research or mathematical analysis, especially in the domains of statistics, physics, econometrics or machine learning.
Ability to prototype solutions using e.g. Python, R, Matlab to facilitate testing of algorithms on large data sets.
Good understanding of machine learning techniques, with applications to classification, regression, and clustering.
Working knowledge of databases and SQL
What You Can Expect From Us

We won’t just meet your expectations. We’ll defy them.

You will work within a team of collaborative and curious colleagues, who are passionate about injecting scientific rigour into their solutions.

You’ll enjoy the comprehensive rewards package you’d expect from a leading technology company. But also, a degree of personal flexibility you might not expect. Plus, thoughtful perks, like flexible working hours and your birthday off.

You’ll also benefit from an investment in cutting-edge technology that reflects our global ambition. But with a nimble, small-business feel that gives you the freedom to play, experiment and learn.

And we don’t just talk about diversity and inclusion. We live it every day – with thriving networks including dh Women’s Network, dh Proud, dh Parent’s & Carer’s, dh One and dh Thrive as the living proof. Everyone’s invited.

Our approach to Flexible Working

At dunnhumby, we value and respect difference and are committed to building an inclusive culture by creating an environment where you can balance a successful career with your commitments and interests outside of work.

We believe that you will do your best at work if you have a work / life balance. Some roles lend themselves to flexible options more than others, so if this is important to you please raise this with your recruiter, as we are open to discussing agile working opportunities during the hiring process.