Currently recruiting for a Junior Data Scientist to join a global smart textile company who develop technologies and products to ultimately positively change millions of lives. My client provides the best service/products to medical professionals, Olympic Athletes, as well as world record explorers. They are looking for a Junior Data Scientist to support the team to help create and improve data analysis modules. Ideally you will come from an applied mathematical background and have a basic knowledge of applying data science techniques which include the following skills: Data mining. Statistical and cluster analysis to large data sets using cloud computing resources. Big data frameworks and open-source packages. Have an understanding of both the theory and have practical experience of using various methods of time series analysis and advanced statistical analysis of multivariate data. Main Responsibilities: Apply scientific methods through experimental design, exploratory data analysis and hypothesis testing. Demonstrate best practice programming and code optimisation using Python Document and communicate findings from analysis to key stakeholders Develop predictive and prescriptive models which utilise supervised or unsupervised machine learning algorithmsEssential Skills: Basic knowledge of machine learning algorithms across a range of problems Strong understanding of concepts Good understanding of time series data processing A solid understanding of programming in Python An understanding of Microsoft Azure cloud, understanding of source version control (e.g. git, svn) An understanding of the value and practice of good code documentation. Agile experience.This is an exciting opportunity for an ambitious Junior Data Analyst to join a global leading smart textile company. This is a hybrid position with 1-2 days onsite in Reading paying up to £45,000 depending on level of experience. Please apply today so you do not miss out on this amazing opportunity! Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business