Working within the Research team of a global commodity trading company you will be tasked with providing detailed supply & demand analysis for each specific commodity.
The Data Science area of the team is expanding to work more closely with the Sustainability and Carbon teams and to assist with this development we are looking for a GIS Data Scientist to help with historic deforestation assessments & future risk assessment models associated with associated greenhouse gas emission factors.
The GIS Data Scientist will work primarily with spatial data associated with agricultural crops. A strong base and interest in working with GIS and/or remote sensing will be extremely beneficial. Modelling skills are also an important feature of this role.
Skills & Experience
Qualification in a technical/analytics field such as Geographic Information Systems (GIS), Computer Science, Economics, MIS, Biology or Statistics
Minimum 3 years of commercial experience within data science.
Exceptionally strong background in geospatial data analysis and Earth Observation technologies
Experience using Geographic Information Systems (GIS) software such as QGIS or AcrGIS
A strong interest in deforestation, sustainability and how data science works within these fields.
Strong background and experience analysing geospatial data using Python or/and R programming languages.
Experience with geospatial analyses, modelling, and interactive system development.
Experience with machine learning and statistical concepts.
Ability to create engaging and effective interactive outputs following corporate standards.
Strong written and verbal communication skills; the ability to communicate technical information to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Genuine interest in agriculture/sustainability.
Highly organised and able to set up effective database monitoring processes.
A tech-savvy problem-solver with a strong ability to think outside the box; analytical, creative, flexible and resourceful
Desirable:
Post-graduate qualification in relevant field
Sound experience in managing large datasets and data curation processes (Azure and MySQL)
Experience with handling and analysing satellite imagery with image classification skills