If you need assistance during the recruiting process due to a disability, please reach out to our Recruiting Accommodations Team through the Accommodation Request form . This form is used only by individuals with disabilities who require assistance or adjustments in applying and interviewing for a job. This form is not for inquiring about a position or the status of an application.

Do you want to work in a best-in-class analytics team that has access to cutting-edge tools and technology? Are you looking for a diverse international team to work with? Are you looking to move into a business that offers a wide range of developing career paths for you? We need curious, data driven analytical thinkers with a relentless drive for learning and improvement to join our rapidly growing team.

This role is an excellent opportunity to join the Lodging Strategic Partners Analytics team, where we are passionate about understanding our customer's and suppliers' behaviors, discovering opportunities, and prioritizing them to help the company's bottom line. At the same time, we increase customer's choices and confidence to book travel and make a difference in their life. The successful candidate must be able to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously, own deliverables end to end, prioritize workload effectively and thrive in a dynamic environment. This individual must have excellent analytical aptitude, great communication skills as well as be able to work well under pressure.

What You Will Do
Partner with Account Management, Analytics, Finance or other stakeholder teams to drive, design, and report on core lodging business metrics.
Clearly and confidently articulate decision-making rationale, solutions, methodologies, and frameworks to team members and both technical and non-technical partners.
Apply common analytical and statistical methods (i.e. descriptive statistics, regressions, multivariate analysis) to interpret results to answer key questions from stakeholders.
Navigate through multiple data sources, leverage big-data and convert raw data into actionable insights.
Essential

Who you are:
2+ years of professional experience in data analysis and business reporting.
A bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Business Administration, Economics, or a related field.
Demonstratable ability to analyze data effectively, combine and massage data from different data source, interpret and present data in a compelling format to drive actions.
Ability to collaborate across teams and translate ambiguous business requirements into robust analysis.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
High level of intellectual curiosity for what drives the travel business.
Preferred
Experience with applying data modeling or advanced statistical methods (i.e. regressions, multivariate analysis, causal impact, etc.) to analyze a business problem.
Experience with Cloud Technologies – AWS S3, Qubole, Presto and Hive or equivalent.
Experience with visualization tools – Tableau or PowerBI.
What We Offer
A work environment where you can grow your career. We invest in our employees’ development and prioritize making Expedia Group a great place to work.
Engaged, collaborative colleagues.
An equal opportunity work-environment, where we value diversity and do not discriminate.
A competitive salary and flexible working conditions
50% work from office
2 weeks a year from any of our offices in the world
New parent benefits (generous paternity, maternity and adoption leave)
Leisure travel discounts and reimbursement budget for your weekend and holidays
Wellness reimbursement budget.
And more https://lifeatexpediagroup.com/benefits
About Expedia Group

Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is a force for good, we help people experience the world in new ways and build lasting connections. We provide industry-leading technology solutions to fuel partner growth and success, while facilitating memorable experiences for travelers. Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™.

© 2021 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50

Employment opportunities and job offers at Expedia Group will always come from Expedia Group’s Talent Acquisition and hiring teams. Never provide sensitive, personal information to someone unless you’re confident who the recipient is. Expedia Group does not extend job offers via email or any other messaging tools to individuals to whom we have not made prior contact. Our email domain is @expediagroup.com. The official website to find and apply for job openings at Expedia Group is careers.expediagroup.com/jobs .

Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or age.