Job Summary

DESCRIPTION

*Flexibility for alternate EU Amazon offices*

Amazon’s mission is to be the most customer centric company in the world. The Workforce Staffing organization is on the front line of that mission by hiring the hourly fulfilment associates who make that mission a reality. To drive the necessary growth and continued scale of Amazon’s associate needs within a constrained employment environment, Amazon is creating a Workforce Staffing Analytics program.

This program will re-invent how Amazon attracts, communicates with, and ultimately hires its hourly associates. This team will own multi-layered research and program implementation to drive deep learnings, process improvements, and strategic recommendations to global leadership. Are you passionate about data? Are you a tinkerer by trade? Do you enjoy questioning the status quo? Do complex and difficult challenges excite you? If yes, this may be the team for you.

As a Data Scientist in Workforce Staffing, your work is focused on research programs to deeply understand the people that make up our hourly workforce. You understand that even when hiring hundreds of thousands of hourly associates across multiple types of roles and businesses, the experience of each candidate matters.

You use your deep expertise in statistics (regressions, multilevel models, structural equation models, etc.), and data collection in a variety of settings (e.g., field studies, surveys, existing large data sets) to define and answer nebulous problems. You leverage your quantitative background to develop and test theoretical frameworks and design experiments. You design, deployment, and conduct analysis of our global candidate research activities, using experimental, quasi-experimental, and RCT methods. You relentlessly obsess over understanding our candidates and what attracts them to Amazon. You work with colleagues across Research, Data Science, Business Intelligence and related teams to enable Amazon find and hire the right candidates for the right roles at an unprecedented scale.

This will be a highly visible role across multiple key deliverables for our global organization. If you are passionate and curious about data, obsess over customers, love questioning the status quo, and want to make the world a better place, let’s chat. #scienceemea


Basic Qualifications
A Bachelor or Masters Degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.)
Three or more years in a research science, ML, or data scientist role and a track record of strong statistical analysis and building machine or deep learning models
Experienced in using multiple statistical/data science methodologies to solve complex business problems.
Strong background and experience using Python with handling large data sets using SQL in a business environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication. Strong ability to interact, communicate, present, and influence within multiple levels of the organization
Preferred Qualifications
Master's or PhD in Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, Economics, or a related quantitative field with at least three years of working experience as a Data or Research Scientist.
Experienced in writing academic-styled papers for presenting both the methodologies used and results for data science projects.
Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, ability to self-motivate, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.
Combination of deep technical skills and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our and our customer’s organizations
Experience in recruitment or operations
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need an adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please contact the Applicant-Candidate Accommodation Team (ACAT), Monday through Friday from 7:00 am GMT - 4:00 pm GMT. If calling directly from the United Kingdom, please dial +44 800 086 9884 (tel:+448000869884). If calling from Ireland, please dial +353 1800 851 489 (tel:+3531800851489).


Company - Amazon UK Services Ltd.

Job ID: A2183973