We have an exciting opportunity for a Computer Vision expert to join our Data Science team, where you will work on and deploy ground breaking products and have the opportunity to grow and improve your skills whilst working as an expert member of the team.

As a Senior Data Scientist you will mentor and support other team members and with our career framework you can either grow as either an individual contributor or as a manager.

For this role you can choose to be based out of either our London (Farringdon) or Welwyn Garden City office, depending on your home location. We offer flexible and hybrid working, meaning you can split your time between working from home and the office.

About the Team:
At Tesco, our Data Scientists model sophisticated and complex business problems across areas such as online, pricing, security, fulfilment, distribution, property, IoT and computer vision and deploy data products at scale. The work spans across multiple areas including physical stores and warehouses, online, logistics, supply chain, marketing and Clubcard, and we encourage rotation amongst the team, so they can gain expertise in different areas.
Our team also spends their Friday afternoons on learning and personal development. Multiple academic collaborations enrich the team expertise; knowledge sharing events are regular. Furthermore, we have got a great work-life balance, team days and relaxed but engaging culture!

Role description:
Demonstrate your analytical mentality to find solutions to sophisticated problems, primarily focusing on computer vision solutions.
Understand difficult business problems and prototype solutions with minimal support.
Validate, document and present the modeling process and performances, as well as communicate complex solutions in a clear, understandable way to non technical stakeholders.
Promoting data science across Tesco and promote Tesco across the external Data Science community.
Use your skills in computer vision and deep learning to build proof of concepts as well production solutions, making your contribution to develop and deploy Computer Vision solutions across Tesco’s environment.

You will be:
We are looking for an ambitious individual with commercial experience working on computer vision solutions. A mix of statistics and machine learning skills are also welcome. A track record in modifying and designing advanced algorithms and applying them to large real-world data sets is fundamental.

An ideal candidate will have a scientific background with the ability to ask the right questions to technical and non technical experts, as well as answering them. A degree in computer vision subjects or in a mathematical, scientific, engineering or computer science subject area is preferable, or proven work experience.

Finally, strong programming experience in Python is needed

The ideal candidate will have experience of the following:
Deep Learning frameworks: Tensorflow and/or PyTorch
Object detection models, e.g. Faster-RCNN, YOLO, EfficientDet, Nvidia models
Libraries and tools: OpenCV, scikit-image, SciPy, Pandas, Docker, Git
Knowledge of image processing, and video technology
Object tracking (optional)
Real-time video processing (optional)