OVERVIEW
A major telecoms company is hiring data scientists to join across different levels. This is a very hands-on role working across multiple programs of working including personalisation, operations and network data science capabilities
Your responsibilities as a Data Scientist will include but not be limited to:
You’ll be building ML models and writing code in real time services powering their products
Working on projects including predictive modeling, customer segmentation, price optimisation, customer churn and
Working with an established data engineering / ML Ops team to determine platform choices for data scientists to be most efficient and effective.
You’ll work with stakeholders to determine how data science can optimize their processes, and then work with the wider team to bring those solutions to fruition.
Mentoring the junior members of the team on optimal methods for interacting with these.
You’ll work with a principal data scientist to be evaluating the current state of technologies to choose new ones as well, but primarily we build in-house.
YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
A successful Data Scientist will have the following:
Experience applying knowledge in statistics and machine learning to real world commercial problems
Experience bringing live services using machine learning and python to production.
Expert knowledge of Python and relevant libraries (numpy, pandas, matplotlib, Scikitlearn, TensorFlow, etc.) and knowledge in other programming languages are valuable, but this is a Python shop. (R, Matlab, etc.)
Experience with things like CI/CD pipelines, Docker or similar, cloud hosting, good software engineering practices – we have an ML Ops team but as a principal, you need to be familiar with why these things are good and how to use/do them
Experience working in an agile software development environment
Strong mathematics or statistics background gained through MSc/Ph.D. education in scientific field/computer science
Ability to translate consumer business problems into data science use cases and requirements
HOW TO APPLY
Please register your interest by sending your CV to Mane Grigoryan via the Apply Link below.