Mesh-AI is a global consultancy that uses data, machine learning and artificial intelligence to deliver transformative outcomes for enterprise organisations.

Our ambition is on a grand scale: building a global company from the ground up. We are backed by Columbia Capital, which has made an initial commitment of $30m to help us grow and scale globally at an unprecedented pace. We're looking for 100% year-on-year growth in both revenue and headcount and to expand our business across key global regions of EMEA, USA and APAC.

We are currently searching for exceptional talent to help shape the future of Mesh-AI from the get-go! If you’re interested in the idea of starting something new and working in a fast-paced environment with some of the brightest minds in the industry - then come and talk to us at Mesh-AI!

The Opportunity

You’ll not be an island here. We’re going to surround you with industry leading talent who are working towards a shared goal of using AI/ML to deliver maximum business value to our clients. We’re going to be bringing products & solutions to life - your work will see the light of day.

Responsibilities

Own AI/ML domain as part of a cross functional team
Solve the business problems not just the technical ones - understand our customers, the people & problems they face and design solutions that help them.
Make contributions to the Artificial Intelligence ecosystem with a concern for possible social and ethical implications.
Bridging the gap between business and technology; comfortably communicating & managing expectations across customer stakeholder, technology & our own engineering teams.

Requirements

Outstanding general purpose skills in AI/ML, and a proven record of applying them to solve business problems
Impact driven, work proud and eager to have a real positive influence on Mesh-AI, our customers, and your team
You can put the numbers into a business perspective - You’re a data storyteller
You are comfortable getting hands-on dealing with the customer and their problems
Substantial experience with Python and relevant libraries (Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, Scikit Learn, Matplotlib)
Experience with cloud computing ecosystems
Exposure to & appreciation of software engineering best practises applied to data, e.g., version control, CI/CD
You own it - You’re OK with making mistakes & learning from them

Nice to Have

Experience writing production level code
NLP, time series forecasting, image recognition or deep learning
PySpark, TensorFlow, OpenCV. spaCy or DVC
Exposure to MLOps

Why Mesh-AI
Fast-growing start-up organisation with huge opportunity for career growth
Highly competitive salary package along with company bonus
A hugely collaborative working environment where every person’s viewpoint is considered - a chance to make your mark on the business from day one!
Financially backed business meaning security and support for new initiatives and global market expansion
Pick your own Gear! Macbooks, PCs, Accessories!
Drive your development with a personal learning budget

Want to know more? Get in touch with careers@mesh-ai.com. Otherwise apply here.