£31,638 - £44,197 plus £1,750 location allowance and excellent benefits including Civil Service pension

Based at Hanslope Park near Milton Keynes, MK19 7BH, with the flexibility of hybrid working depending on business need

Free shuttle bus available between central Milton Keynes and Hanslope Park

You’re an excellent problem solver who loves to analyse, interrogate and evaluate data. Someone with extensive experience working in the data science community and a bachelor’s degree within a related field. And you’re already building data pipelines at scale using a range of tools and technologies. So have you ever considered taking your career to the next level?

At FCDO Services, you could do your job, bigger. As a trusted Government Partner, we help protect the UK’s interests around the world. We design and construct secure government buildings. We courier diplomatic packages across continents. We keep complex projects on track, and on budget. We store visa applications securely in the Cloud. We help earthquake-proof embassies. We review records of historical importance. And a whole lot more besides.

As a Senior Data Scientist, you’ll deliver high- and low-level data science technical designs for us, and for wider government clients. You’ll be a key member of the team (which is at the leading edge of IT learning and AI), so you’ll have the opportunity to shape your own role and develop new ways of working.

Identify anomalies in data and protect the UK’s best interests

You’ve got great data engineering and manipulation skills, so you’ll feel confident to design, code, test, correct, and document moderate-to-complex programmes. You’ll identify and deliver data science solutions and technical designs to solve business problems. You’ve done this role before – maybe even within another government department – so providing data science leadership and support on projects will come naturally to you. Plus, you’re so passionate about tech, that you’ll consistently maintain your own professional development in the latest technologies to support and grow our business.

Advise on best practice for projects of national importance

With significant experience in the data science community, you’ll give crucial advice on following best practice. This includes ensuring compliance and adherence to required technical principles and processes, and compliance with technical governance (such as Surgery and Digital Design Authority Boards). What’s more, you’ll identify and deliver actionable insights from data for internal and external customers and produce monthly data science status reports to the Service Owner. In everything you do, you’ll be easy to work with, reliable, responsive, and great at building relationships.

Develop the skills you need to help people everywhere

When you join us, you’ll be contributing to protecting the nation’s interests at home and overseas – but how will we help you in return? As well as a competitive salary, generous holiday entitlement and Civil Service pension, we’ll also support your development with some superb training opportunities to help you advance your career with us. On-site gyms, nurseries, canteens and restaurants are available, as well as interest-free season ticket and bike loans, but if you want to work from home some of the time, we also offer hybrid working opportunities. Above all, it’s a chance to join a team with rare impact, using your skills to help us protect people, information and assets around the world. In short, it’s your job, bigger.

Every single colleague must be security cleared before joining us. If you’re successful in your application, we’ll ask you to undergo our vetting process to achieve Developed Vetting (DV) clearance. You can find out more about vetting on our website: https://www.fcdoservicescareers.co.uk/how-to-apply/

To find out more about us and what a career at FCDO Services offers, please visit: fcdoservicescareers.co.uk

Closing date: Midnight 27th September 2022

It takes a diverse team to protect a diverse world.

The vital work we do takes an incredible community of colleagues, with different skills, backgrounds, cultures and identities. We support every individual, so that you always know you’re welcome and valued. It’s what makes us a Disability Confident employer. And why we’re recognised as a ‘Carer Confident’ workplace. And it’s how you know you’re joining an inspiring, inclusive organisation.