UCAS is at the heart of connecting people to higher education.

UCAS is the world’s leading shared admissions service for higher education. We provide application services for UK universities and colleges as well as delivering a wide range of research, consultancy and advisory services to schools, colleges, careers services, professional bodies and employers.

We’re a successful and fast-growing organisation, which helps hundreds of thousands of people every year. We're committed to delivering a first-class service to all of our customers — they're at the heart of everything we do.

Business Unit Description

The Digital Delivery business unit runs UCAS’ day-to-day frontline services, digital products and technical infrastructure for all customers, including applicants and providers. The unit is also responsible for developing and improving customer-centric products in close collaboration with UCAS’ product function.

Services to customers include the Customer Experience Centre, providing comprehensive high quality services to support applicants in their journey into university and other higher education provision. Digital Delivery is responsible for running UCAS’ Confirmation and Clearing service, and logistics related to key deadlines in the cycle.

Working in cross-company multi-disciplinary teams comprising customer insight, product managers, architects, developers, testers, and data scientists, the Digital Delivery business unit ensures that UCAS is a customer-centric, product-focused digital business, connecting students with their next opportunity.

About The Role Contractual Hours

35.00

About The Role

The Infrastructure Junior Data Scientist will be part of a team responsible for supporting a wide range of data science activities including reporting, live data services, data consultancy and data products. The Junior Data Scientist will use technical skills and data science knowledge to maximise the use and value of the data estate.

Led by the Principal Data Scientist you will support the efficient running of the data estate and access to operational data on different platforms, and use your knowledge to make improvements to the data estate and assist Data Science teams, communicating clearly to a range of teams within the business.

Key accountabilities:
Assist with the monitoring and maintenance of the data framework and estate used by data scientists, automating administrative tasks, use technical expertise to implement changes and efficiencies, and assist in the development and implementation of new technologies and processes
To deliver high value analytical products and services to time and quality
Support existing data infrastructure and queries on operational data, while looking forward to their continuous improvement and relevance for Data Science teams
Embrace a variety of agile development methods to work effectively in a team of data scientists

Skills, Qualifications, And Experience

For full job description, please see role profile attached.
Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in a numerate discipline, such as mathematics, statistics, computer science, operational research, data science, or a related field
A high level of interest in Data Science and a capacity and willingness to learn is essential
A collaborative nature and the ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical audiences
A natural curiosity and drive to find things out that really matter from data
Commercially aware and user-focussed
A high level of numerate, analytical, and logical thinking
Experience in cloud-based infrastructure and virtualised platforms (AWS) is desirable

Package

Salary - £26,040
30 days annual leave, pro rata (plus 3 concessionary days over Christmas and your bank holidays!)
Flexibility – UCAS positively supports Hybrid working for its employees, meaning you can work between home and the office in a way that suits you and the business and also has a comprehensive Flexible Working Policy
A generous pension scheme
Hundreds of high street discounts and offers with Perkbox
Internal training and development
Subsidised gym and café
Be rewarded for going above and beyond with our ex-gratia bonus scheme and Celebrating U, our quarterly employee recognition scheme

Working Arrangements Is remote working an option?

Yes