If you could go back in time, you’d buy as much Bitcoin as you possible could wouldn’t you? Do you ever wish that you’d thought to buy a few thousand shares when Amazon or Apple or Tesla were in their early stages? Perhaps even the opportunity to have worked at one of those companies when they were still only a few hundred people. (Imagine the position you’d be in today!)

Well this could very well be THAT opportunity. An extremely attractive position has arisen to join a rapidly growing organisation who are already immensely successful and dominating in the new and exciting RegTech industry.

Having only been around for a short period of time, RegTech saw an explosion of investment in 2021 with investments totaling almost $19 billion globally, a 250% increase compared to 2020 and this growth isn’t slowing down.

The Company

As an early entrant into the world of RegTech, they have been able to successfully establish a solid foothold in the sector and consequently reaped the benefits of its immense growth. Over 200 people hired last year with ambitious growth plans for the future, $50 million in series C investment in 2020 and named top 100 fastest growing companies in Europe by the Financial Times, to name a few. This is a truly promising company and thus an exceptional time to join and grow alongside them.

The company have made a name for themselves by building the world’s largest knowledge graph of financial risk information by joining people, companies, sanctions lists, news articles, politically exposed people lists and many other sources together and by using AI and machine learning, will power the new generation of AML financial crime fighting products.

So, not only will you get to join a high growth company, on a highly competitive salary but you’ll also get to boast that you’re a real life super-hero fighting fraud and financial crime on a daily basis.

The Role

You’ll be leading their flagship data function who are a part of an x-functional agile team made up of Product Managers, Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers and fellow Data Scientists , working together to get models into production. You’ll get to work on a plethora of different, meaningful projects including; truth finding, link prediction, triple classification, graph inference, relation extraction and more.

You’ll also get exposure to a range of different industries within finance including Cryptocurrency, early stage start-ups, Insurance, WealthTech, Investments and more!

As a lead, you’ll also be mentoring and upskilling junior members while monitoring and offering your expertise to the more senior members of the team. Don’t be fooled though, this is still very much a hands-on technical position where you’ll get stuck into solving problems with your team to offer the best solutions possible. We want to make it very clear that we’re not looking for a manager. What we are looking for is an extremely technical individual who is capable of managing.

What’s Essential

Highly educated to at least a Masters level standard in a relevant or STEM based subject
Extensive experience working with Graph Inference and Graph Pattern Classification
Highly technical and confident in your own coding ability, ideally in Python
An expert in not only developing algorithms but also applying them to real-world problems

What’s In It For Me?

Highly competitive salary of up to £110K + strong equity options
Unlimited annual leave
Flexible working hours
Fully flexible remote working options

Job Owner: d.prosser

Tagged as: Python, R