We are TravelPerk: a scaling unicorn valued at $1.3billion that has raised over $400m since our creation in 2015.

Backed by world-class investors with portfolios including AirBnb, Stripe, Slack, Trello, Gusto, Twitter, Farfetch and Deliveroo, our team is made up of A-players from across the travel and technology industries.

Over the past few years, we’ve been named the fastest-growing SaaS startup in the world by SaaS1000 and featured as one of the hottest startups to watch by both Forbes and Wired. We’re revolutionizing the B2B corporate travel market—worth over $1.3 trillion— to connect people in real life in an enjoyable and sustainable way.

TravelPerk are innovators. During the last year we have welcomed and acquired the likes of Click Travel, NexTravel and Albatross to the team. From TravelCare, to FlexiPerk and of course GreenPerk we are shaping the future of the industry. Our team continues to emerge stronger and stronger as we adjust to the new normal—and that’s where you come in!If you’re ready to take off with us, keep reading!

If you’re ready to take off with us, keep reading!

As a Staff Data Scientist, you will be one of the first members of the Data Science function within the Data Team at Travelperk, contributing to building an area that focuses on key business and product problems. This is a key new position in TravelPerk and as such, we’re looking for a highly motivated senior professional who is able to work closely with stakeholders and peers to truly understand our customers, data, tools and ways of working so that we’re able to leverage data science practices, build out a team and help TravelPerk succeed in our product and geo growth.

What You Will Do
Help to define our Data Science Strategy by identifying opportunities within Travelperk
Manage the entire lifecycle of Data Science projects: discovery and research, evaluation, implementation, deployment, monitoring and iteration.
Design and build statistical models and algorithms to solve and optimize critical business and product challenges
Work side by side with Data Analysts and Engineers to build and deliver high-impact data products
What You Need
6+ years of experience as a Data Scientist
Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken, in English
Excellent analytical skills
You Will Need To Prove The Following
Experience with a broad set of statistical and machine learning methods to solve and optimize critical business and product challenges
Experience in building models, from design to deployment
Proficiency in Python and SQL
Experience with data visualisation & BI tools (ie Looker, Tableau)
Desire to work in an international environment, with minimal direction, and with highly engaged individuals
What do we offer?
Competitive compensation including equity in the company
Generous vacation days so you can rest and recharge
Health perks such as private healthcare or gym allowance depending on your location
"Flexible compensation plan" to help you diversify and increase the net salary
Flexibility to work from home most of the time with core hours
Unforgettable TravelPerk events including to travel to one of our hubs
Udemy for business account to continue your development
Mental health support tool for your wellbeing
Exponential growth opportunities
Flexible Work Policy
You will need to be based in one of our hub countries, some positions are only open in specific locations
We will require you to travel to the office hub in your country once or twice per week depending on your position
In addition, every quarter you will be required to travel to an office hub location for up to 5 days to meet with your whole team
We have flexible working hours to fit around your life
Team members that want to go to the office more are welcome to!
For certain positions we can help with relocation from anywhere in the world, please let us know in your applications and we will assess whether this is possible. English is the official language at the office. Please submit your resume in English if you choose to apply.

At TravelPerk we believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We don’t just accept differences—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. As an equal opportunity employer, we stay true to our mission by ensuring that our place can be anyone’s place regardless of race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or age.