Job title: Junior Data Scientist
Location: London
Company information


EDF Trading is a leader in the international wholesale energy markets. The company manages a portfolio of assets which give it the ability to source, supply, transport, store, blend and convert physical commodities around the world. These capabilities enable EDF Trading to deliver essential asset optimisation services, risk management and wholesale market access to the EDF Group and its third-party customers, helping them to realise the value inherent in their asset portfolios.


EDF Trading is active in the electricity, natural gas, LPG, oil, and environmental products markets. It is also active in the LNG and coal and freight markets via JERA Global Markets* (“JERAGM*”). EDF Trading is one of the largest wholesale market traders in Europe for power and gas. In North America, EDF is one of the leading marketers of gas and power, one of the main providers of generation services for power generation companies and a leading energy retailer for large commercial and industrial customers.


*JERAGM is a joint venture between JERA Co., Inc. (66.67% through JERA Trading International Pte. Ltd. equity) and EDF Trading (33.33% equity). JERAGM operates one of the largest seaborne energy portfolios in the world.


EDF Trading is a 100% owned subsidiary of EDF SA., one of the world’s biggest electricity generators and a leader in low-carbon production.


EDF Trading has around 800 employees with key offices in London, Paris, Singapore, and Houston.


For more information, please visit www.edftrading.com


Department
Data Science team

The Data Science team, in the Data function at EDF Trading, deploys skills across data science, AI and ML as needed to deliver use cases to provide insights and outcomes that drive value for EDFT, with a broad remit across Front Middle and Back office.



Position purpose
As a junior data scientist, you will have many opportunities to put into practice analytical and research skills gained through academic studies and courses.


The role will require
research, build and maintain studies and models,
support the work through documentation,
help implement and support externally procured data science solution,
an interest in finding data patterns
a push to deliver high quality clear visual solutions,
a keen eye to spot new opportunities or re-use of existing studies.


Main responsibilities
Understand business requirements to help build the roadmap of studies to achieve expected results
Work closely with the wider Data team to maximise the use of existing data in scope
Collaborate with IT to help interface with existing internal applications
At times, carry out any data pre-processing of structured and unstructured data
Apply the full breadth of machine learning algorithms to reach objectives optimally
Present data, studies, and analysis in a digestible format, tailored for the end users
Carry out both long-term and short-term requests


Experience and technical requirements
Essential requirements:
Data Science knowledge as part of academic studies or courses
Strong mathematical and statistical background
Knowledge of Python programming and some experience with plotting, data mining, and machine learning libraries (e.g., numpy, pandas, Plotly, scikitlearn, keras, tensorflow, pytorch)
Ability to identify and implement the best data science tool for the job
Knowledge of methods to access data - SQL, APIs

Beneficial requirements:
Knowledge of timeseries analysis
Experience or keenness to learn about the mechanics of energy trading and trade lifecycle
Worked with analytical platforms such as Tableau or PowerBI
Worked with Azure ML Studio, Kubeflow or other data science lifecycle-support tooling
Experience with Python web development libraries (Dash, Django, Flask)
Internships in the sector or any other experience generally in commodity trading
C# and .Net Framework or, more generally, experience with object orientated programming
Experience with data streaming methods and technologies (e.g., WebSockets, Kafka)
Other languages (e.g., French, or Italian)


Person specification
Professional
Keen eye for detail
Self-aware as to the value of current work vs. overall goal.
Open minded
Thrive when working in a high energy environment
Motivated by outcomes for users
Strong collaborator, both in person and online
A drive to create exceptional things


Hours of work:
40 hours per week - Monday to Friday – Hybrid