We’re looking for an energetic, innovative, people person who has the gift of creating and translating complex analytics into easily understandable insights and principles to drive all aspects of our customer ranging decision.

This opportunity is for those of you interested in creating and implementing real retail solutions from your analytical thinking and capability.

You’ll be joining a team that develops and delivers the science, analytics and tools enabling Boots to give our Customers the products they want, when and where they want them.

Successful candidates will ideally, but not exclusively, have an academic background in a Maths, Computing or Geospatial disciplines, and ideally experience in retail analytics.

You’ll need an inquisitive mind and technical capability to create commercially valuable ranging insights. So, if you are passionate about working with data to solve business problems and excited by the idea of joining a trend-setting analytical team, we’d love to hear from you.

About the opportunity

The role is a blend of analytics & data science with a focus on creating, translating and interpreting the science into commercial benefits within the Boots Business.

Very much a live hands-on role, in addition to developing analytics you’ll be involved in translating and sharing the insights with stakeholders to get them implemented in the business.

Sitting within the Data Science and Engineering team, you’ll have access to large datasets and varied insight which you’ll be using to inform and direct conversations on range optimisation, operational efficiencies and geospatial sciences.

It’s an opportunity for you to bring your experience but also learn from experienced practitioners. We want you to show us what you are capable of, you will be both supported and challenged as you deliver innovative results.


Highlights of the role:
We like to give our customers what they want. Towards this goal, we will support you in developing analytical and data science techniques to uncover product range opportunities. These decisions are made at product, category, geographic and channel levels.
We believe we can always get better. You’ll help us develop not only analytically, but also as a business, looking for analytical solutions driving operational efficiencies.
We love a bit of code. Whether its SQL or Python or a different passion of yours, you’ll be hands-on developing in cloud technologies supported by a team of Data Engineers.

About you

You’re an energetic, innovative problem solver, comfortable working both independently and collaboratively in a team. Excited by taking on responsibility and ownership, looking to create value from data and create the insight and tools to solve business problems.

Required Skills
Relevant previous experience or a degree with strong quantitative elements (i.e. includes statistics modules), such as Maths, Physics, Geography, Psychology.
Aptitude for logical thinking and problem solving, experience using relational databases for example, would be an advantage
Proficiency in a coding language such as SQL, Python, R etc.
Experience with data visualisation tools such as PowerBI
Strong communication skills, you will be presenting complex results to less technical audiences.
Ability to understand questions as analytical problems and using available data, quantitative modelling or statistical analysis techniques to develop solutions.
Strong attention to detail and have the drive to investigate potential errors.
Ability to organise and prioritise own workload, often balancing multiple projects and campaigns simultaneously
Take a proactive approach towards your career development, always aiming for improvement and helping others to achieve their best

Desirable skills:
Experience with GIS software and techniques.
Demonstrable record of delivering results in a commercial environment.
Ability to deal well with ambiguity and an expert in prioritisation of needs.
Expertise in working with large structured and unstructured data sets

A bit about the team:

Led by a DataIQ Top 100 ‘Data Titan’ and shortlisted for the ‘Best Data and Analytics Team’ DataIQ Award 2022, the Data Science and Engineering team is an industry acclaimed data science team within the Walgreens Boots Alliance group. The team provides globally scalable solutions for complex and diverse business problems and supports data-driven decision making across our global businesses

Boots UK is part of the Retail Pharmacy International Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance and is the UKs leading pharmacy-led health and beauty retailer. With over 2,300 stores in the UK our purpose is to help our customers look and feel better than they ever thought possible. You can learn more by visiting boots.jobs.

Benefits
We have a great range of benefits that go beyond salary and offer flexibility to suit you:
Competitive salary
Boots Pension Scheme
Discretionary annual bonus scheme
Maternity / Paternity / Adoption leave pay
£100 gift card for colleagues expecting/adopting a baby
Competitive holiday allowance
Generous staff discount (Boots, Boot Opticians and Boots Hearing Care)
Access to corporate discounts, including retail, cinema, holidays etc (UK only)
Access to our Employee Assistance Programme
Flexible benefits scheme (via salary sacrifice) including financial wellbeing support, gym membership, dental cover, life assurance, restaurant discount cards, activity passes, holiday buying and much more (exclusions may apply, eligible roles only)
Onsite staff shop, opticians, gym, coffee shops, cafeteria, dry cleaning service and excellent travel links
*All rewards and benefits are subject to change and eligibility.

Why Boots

Our mission is to help everyone to feel good. This starts internally – with every colleague and every team. In our stores and pharmacies, our warehouses and our Support Office, we work together, putting our customers first and our colleagues at the heart of everything we do. We aim to attract, develop and retain the best people, with a huge range of opportunities for you to continue to grow with us… just bring your passion and commitment and we’ll do the rest.

Diversity, equity and inclusion is at the centre of everything we do in our business. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer, passionate about embracing the diversity of our colleagues and providing a positive and inclusive working environment for all.

We offer a variety of flexible working patterns to support our colleagues to achieve a good work life balance, just speak to our Recruitment team to find out more.

What’s next

If your application is successful, our in-house recruitment team will be in touch to arrange an interview and to answer any initial questions you have. If you have not been successful on this occasion you will be notified by email.

If you have any questions about this vacancy, please contact matt.haywood@boots.co.uk

Boots has a commitment to our candidates and as such we do not accept speculative CVs from agencies. We have a defined list of preferred agency partners who may be invited to support us in sourcing candidates for particular roles.

We do not accept speculative and unsolicited CVs submitted to Boots contractors and employees by any means other than through our recruitment portal under instruction from the Boots Recruitment Team.