Your Impact

At Jacobs, we'll inspire and empower you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed – today and into tomorrow. With more than 55,000 people in 40+ countries, working at Jacobs offers an exciting range of opportunities to develop your career within a supportive and diverse team who always strive to do the right thing for our people, clients and communities.

People are Jacobs’ greatest asset, and we offer a competitive package to retain and attract the best talent.

In addition to the benefits you’d expect, UK employees also receive free single medical cover and digital GP service, family friendly benefits such as enhanced parental leave pay, free membership of employee assistance and parental programmes, plus reimbursement towards relevant professional development and memberships.

We also give back to our communities through our Collectively program which incorporates matched-funding, paid volunteering time and charitable donations.

Work-life balance and flexibility is a key focus area for Jacobs. We’re happy to discuss hybrid, part-time and flexible working hours, patterns and locations to suit you and our business.

We are looking for an data scientist who has a background delivering complex data-centric solutions.

Here’s What You’ll Need

The successful candidate will be responsible for applying data science techniques and technologies to a range of problems to help our clients operate more efficiently and to better exploit the value in their data.
Degree qualification in a related discipline, or relevant experience
Experience using any of the below list, to index, search, categorise, and exploit data on large-scale projects,
Big Data,
Machine Learning,
Artificial Intelligence, and
Data Visualisation
Experience with collaboration, communication, report writing and presentation skills with the ability to communicate cloud security-related concepts to a broad range of technical and non-technical staff in an intelligent, articulate, and persuasive manner
Effective communication skills (written and verbal) to properly articulate complicated cloud reports to management and other IT development partners
The ability to be security cleared to SC
Our Culture

Our values stand on a foundation of safety, integrity, inclusion and diversity. We put people at the heart of our business and we truly believe that by supporting one another through our culture of caring, we all succeed. We value positive mental health and a sense of belonging for all employees. Find out more about life at Jacobs.

We aim to embed inclusion and diversity in everything we do. We know that if we are inclusive, we’re more connected, and if we are diverse, we’re more creative. We accept people for who they are, regardless of age, disability, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, mental health, race, faith or belief, sexual orientation, socioeconomic background, and whether you’re pregnant or on family leave. This is reflected in our wide range of Global Employee Networks centred on inclusion and diversity – ACE, Careers, Enlace, Harambee, OneWorld, Prism, Vetnet, and Women’s – find out more about our employee networks here.

Jacobs partners with VERCIDA to help us attract and retain diverse talent.  For greater online accessibility please visit www.vercida.com to view and access our roles. As a Disability Confident employer, we will interview all disabled applicants who meet the minimum criteria for a vacancy. We welcome applications from candidates who are seeking flexible working and from those who may not meet all the listed requirements for a role

If you require further support or reasonable adjustments with regards to the recruitment process (for example, you require the application form in a different format), please contact the team.

Your application experience is important to us and we’re keen to adapt to make every interaction even better. We welcome feedback on our recruitment process and if you need more from us before deciding to join Jacobs then please let us know.

Job Reference ID CMS00040Y